Soko: Alright, it only gets steeper from here. We're at the base of Mount Toras.
Cibon: Pretty windy here.
Soko: We should try to make our way through the mountains before nightfall.
Soko: To the east of Mount Toras, we'll continue through the Corine Forest... or rather the Corine Plateau.
Soko: And beyond that is the border with Korzojeno.
Soko: So far so good... Sir Kento, Sir Tirunel, I hope you're already familiar with the use of Signum techniques. <<! choice
Kento: We only know how to learn Signum techniques, but not exactly what those techniques involve.
Soko: If that's how it is...
Soko: So, almost all Signum techniques you learn are assigned to a certain element.
Soko: This means that these techs either do damage with the attribute of the element...
Soko: ...or it causes elemental side effects.
Soko: You'll find out which side effects belong to which element soon enough.
Soko: Now for how to correctly apply these techniques.
Soko: If you use Signum techniques deliberately in combat, the opponent is usually defeated much faster.
Soko: You should know that most opponents have their strengths and weaknesses that should be exploited.
Soko: Obvious strengths and weaknesses can usually be seen in defense.
Soko: Some monsters are fairly resistant to physical attacks, but can be sensitive to magic damage.
Soko: Then opponents can also be immune to a certain element.
Soko: Green slimes, for example, are very sensitive to water attacks, but they absorb every fire attack.
Soko: In addition, opponents can be sensitive to certain "conditions".
Soko: For example, green slimes can be put to sleep very easily. They are sensitive to "sleep".
Soko: If you know the strengths and weaknesses of your opponents, choosing the right technique is not difficult.
Soko: Until you know the strengths and weaknesses, you have to try something first.
Soko: Or if you have some "magic lens" with you. When used, they show an opponent's strengths and weaknesses.
Soko: So that you have the right technique for a wide range of weak points...
Soko: ...you shouldn't concentrate too much on one element. It's best to level up different element levels at the same time.
Soko: There isn't much else to say about it.
Cibon: Gosh, you must be pretty clever huh, Soko, uh, I mean Dame Filaja.
(Cibon: Oh god. A female "Vorento" travelling with us... This'll be so much fun...)
Soko: This knowledge was actually part of the our type of training.
Kento: You should know that we were only recently introduced to this topic, precisely yesterday.
Soko: Oh... Well, if that's the case.
Soko: Alright. <<! skip
Sir Uroto: We should get going. We still want to cross the mountains today...
Soko: At your command, Sir Uroto.
Cibon: Tsk, she pretends to be our leader! Keeping track of our every move. She downright orders us around!
Kento: If you have a problem, why don't you tell her?
Cibon: So far, I haven't had any problems with your instructions... But I don't like that kind of thing in general.
Kento: It couldn't hurt if we have a person in the team who's leading us... She seems to be very motivated to do it.
Cibon: The way she addresses us, the way she gives us instructions! It's like doing an assignment with an instructor.
Soko: Hello? Are you coming with us or not? Please don't loiter around, okay?
Cibon: Hmpf...
Kento: Let's go, Cibon. We can discuss this later...

Honestly... Not really./Yeah, we already know.