Sir Uroto: Can we take a short break? Walking is pretty exhausting...
Soko: Of course. A five minute break can't hurt...
Cibon: Come on, Kento.
Kento: Do you want to continue talking about it?
Cibon: Tell me, do you not find it annoying too? The way Soko talks to us?
Kento: Well, it's unusual, but if she insists, let her...
Cibon: Hmpf, what about the "Sir Kento" part? Does that get to you?
Kento: ...
Cibon: I wonder if all female soldiers are like this...
Kento: Hm?
Cibon: I mean, I've never one before. There are practically none in Nomerea.
Kento: That's right. But I doubt that there are a whole lot more female soldiers in Buronia...
Cibon: Soko is completely different from any other soldier I know.
Cibon: She takes the whole thing so damn seriously, she knows all about the boring stuff and about Signums and so on...
Cibon: Do you think that's common for women?
Kento: I really don't know... But look, we male soldiers aren't all the same, are we? Then why should it be so for female soldiers?
Cibon: Yeah, you're right...
Soko: Um, what have you been talking about this whole time?
Cibon: Nothing, nothing, Soko...
Soko: Couldn't you get used to saying "Dame Filaja"?
Cibon: Nope.
Soko: Very friendly I see.
Cibon: Maybe I'd change my mind if you gave me a good reason why I should address you by your last name.
Soko: No particular reason... But there's no good reason for us to say goodbye, is there?
Cibon: Of course there is! We'll work together for several days. We're teammates after all.
Cibon: And teammates are just out to have a good time.
Soko: We're only together to carry out an assignment, nothing more. That is why we're not these teammates as you may imagine...
Kento: You gotta be kidding me...
Cibon: Hmpf, you got something against us, now what could that be?
Soko: No, I don't... I just see it for what it ultimately is.
Cibon: Is there anyone you talk to normally in your life?
Soko: Well... Of course...
Cibon: Really? For example?
Soko: My family and... Oh what am I talking about! It's none of your business!
Cibon: Seriously?!
Kento: Cibon, calm down.
Soko: Now listen! We don't have time for such stupid arguments. We're wasting unnecessary time!
Cibon: Yeah yeah, alright, Your Majesty. Now can you at least have the grace to leave us alone for these last few minutes?
Soko: Tsk.....
Kento: Dame Filaja...
Soko: Yes, Sir Kento?
Kento: Notice how people usually use more syllables when speaking formally rather than informally? <<# Siezen and Duzen means speaking formally/informally, which comes from Sie and Du respectively.
Soko: Yes, that makes sense...
Kento: Remember that you often have to call out quick warnings to others during serious battles.
Kento: Those few extra syllables can can cost us the battle.
Soko: Um...
Kento: So if you intend to have optimal teamwork in battle, you should think about your formality...
Soko: How we communicate in battle is a completely different topic...
Kento: As you say, I just wanted to get this out of the way...
Soko: But I'm surprised that you came up with such an aspect... An interesting way of thinking.
Kento: Um, thanks...
Soko: Alright. It's time to move on. I will let Sir Uroto know...
Cibon: Oh, I don't think so. Seems like you're getting along with her too.
Kento: I was just trying to convince her to think in a different way...
Cibon: It was hopeless from the start. Let's just finish this task as soon as possible so we can get rid of her...
Soko: So, let's move on.