-= 223 =-
...

Guard: Don't make trouble here, understand?

Guard: Oh? What are you still walking around here for? Usually, after a working day like this, your prisoner always storms into the canteen.
Guard: What are you dawdling around here? The work is waiting. Those who do not work do not get anything to eat, and those who are stubborn for a long time experience much worse.

Prisoner: Can't you see I'm busy? And no, you don't work here, you should go to the mine.

Guard: Prisoners have no business here!

Guard: Here's the warehouse, you haven't lost anything here!

Guard: Back with you!

Old Prisoner: Please don't bother me ...

Guard: At the latest when the dealers arrive here, you have no business here. So off with you to the eastern area!
Guard: Come on to work! Use the exit to the north in the mine, just where the rails lead, right?

Guard: It is very unusual to have former colleagues here as prisoners, but that does not mean that you will be treated differently.

Guard: Don't talk to me, I'm busy. You have no business here anyway, do you?
Guard: I have nothing to discuss with you. Go to work.

Guard: Oh, I wouldn't dare to get that close to the dogs at the time, as a prisoner - they're particularly hungry right now.
Guard: Have you met our watch dogs here yet? They run a good deal faster than you, so don't even think about running away.

Guard: Crap ... My shift ends in 2 hours, but the fighting starts right away. I'll miss the best again ...
Guard: Just follow the rails, okay?

Prisoner: ...

Prisoner: ... What is it?

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You heard the guards, right? We should go to the mine.

Prisoner: What are you talking to me about? Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You look pretty new here. In this case, remember the following: no - talk - on - tomorrow!

Kento: The ... the guy is still sleeping!
Cibon: And he still finds the right way ...

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

New Prisoner: Not Again ... Mine Work ... I Hate It ...

Prisoner: Hach! What a wonderful morning, isn't it? ... Get lost.

Old Prisoner: ... Oh ... my cross ...

Prisoner: Not now!

Prisoner: ...



-= 224 =-
Guard: The mine goes the other way.

Guard: You go where everyone else goes. In other words: exactly in the opposite direction! What's so hard to understand?

Guard: You should go to the mine, not here.

Guard: Please have a little mercy and don't give me an unnecessary headache in the morning. In the other direction, understand?

Guard: It doesn't go through here!

Guard: It doesn't go through here!

Guard: It doesn't go through here!

Prisoner: ...

Prisoner: Not now!

New Prisoner: Not Again ... Mine Work ... I Hate It ...

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

Guard: To the canteen, the corridor goes all the way from the ground floor of the cell building and then to the right.

Prisoner: Sometimes I really have the feeling that better equipment in the tournament brings more than fighting talent.
Prisoner: How else can you explain to me that these Pauamain veterans are always up there? Of course, because they dig a lot of ore and therefore get a lot of tournament coins!
Prisoner: And a lot of tournament coins mean better equipment, as you probably already know.

Guard: This area may only be entered by tournament participants!

Guard: If you want to be on the court to fight, you have to register. Registration is in the canteen.

Guard: Back with you!

Prisoner: Somehow I feel sorry for "The Slimy". They are constantly beaten down by any newcomer.
Prisoner: There are even a few lower places that are so brazen to fight and hit them just like that, even though they are ranked below them! Just out of frustration because they can't get anywhere!
Prisoner: For my part, I'm happy about every slimy victory, even if it happens only rarely!

Prisoner: I'm curious to see who will make it through this time.

Old Prisoner: It is always good to see that there are prisoners who come up against the underground fright. These are the very beasts that lurk in the mine below.
Old Prisoner: So you can always hope to get help down there if you're really chased by something like that.
Old Prisoner: In daylight, these beings look much more harmless anyway!

Prisoner: Exotics are my personal favorite here! They have such a surprising fighting style.
Prisoner: In the beginning it seems that they are not up to the task and the opponent will win, but after a few rounds they really get going!
Prisoner: Many opponents have already fallen for this tactic!

Prisoner: These Avengers of the Righteous are a strange association. They are constantly talking about just redistribution of property.
Prisoner: These guys came from Helnovia. There is not much to redistribute here. Since the war there have been only poor people with very few exceptions.
Prisoner: But your archer has what it takes, you have to give them that. I have rarely seen so many arrows fly at once!

Prisoner: It doesn't happen very often that "The Boss" is challenged, but when it does, it's always a spectacle.
Prisoner: The boss is fighting alone and has so far easily taken on any group that wanted to bring him down.
Prisoner: Too bad the Pauamain veterans have since given up chasing him from 1st place.
Prisoner: But these new ones there, these Zinkar brothers, have been trying it lately. The newcomers really bring a breath of fresh air to this tournament!

Prisoner: These shadow crawlers are really a group that I don't want to run into at night. They are scary and cruel enough during the day!
Prisoner: And if they do their foggy clothing on themselves, their opponent sees them as badly as if it were actually night.

Prisoner: Hehe! The fights so far have been pretty great! It's always worth being there.
Prisoner: When does it finally start? I don't want to wait any longer ...
Kento: What kind of open space is this? And what are all the people doing here?
Prisoner: You don't know that? Some tournament fights take place here. There are almost every day. Any prisoner can participate.
Soko: But what should you get out of it, please?
Prisoner: A call here in prison. People who do well at tournaments are treated with more respect by the other prisoners.
Prisoner: At the same time, it is entertainment for the other prisoners who are watching.
Prisoner: I heard that before the tournament fights were introduced there were significantly more uprisings and problems with the prisoners.

Prisoner: These tournament fights are really pretty much the only fun we have left in this prison.
Prisoner: Fortunately, there are enough volunteers who actually want to hit their heads at the end of the day ...

Guard: Prisoners have no business here!

Guard: It doesn't go through here!

Prisoner: As you can see over there, there are also plenty of guards who watch the tournament fights.
Prisoner: Some of us are really wondering if they introduced the tournament mainly for their own entertainment ...

Prisoner: Pretty good view from here, right? But I would not dare to get too close to the parapet. We have had cases where prisoners fell from here ...

Prisoner: If the boss is fighting here, you have to be up here! If you use your secret attack, you can still feel the wind up here!

Prisoner: The guy there looks very classy. How does something like this get into prison here? And why is something blocking my view here?
Prisoner: If the fighting really starts here, it is often very crowded up here. You get really afraid that you could fall down ...

Prisoner: These "knights of the night" are pretty smart, I tell you.
Prisoner: When most of the fighters figured out that they were very vulnerable to magic, they changed their tactics.
Prisoner: Now they conjure up "reflection" on themselves! It's always great to see how stunned the wizards look when they get their spell thrown back!

Announcer: Our next fight is just around the corner! The first participant enters the arena!
Announcer: The ZINKAR SLAYERS!
Announcer: Oha! This group has set itself a goal! But this is still far away, a long way through the ranking is waiting for you!
Announcer: Let's hope that your name says it all!
Announcer: Slowly but surely they are getting closer to their goal! Will they hold out until the bitter end? And are they really up to their archenemy when the time comes?
Cibon: And whether we are!
Announcer: You want to see Zinkar blood! The brothers should be careful! Your archenemy is on the way to them and seems almost unstoppable!
Announcer: ... The REPSBROT TROOPS!
Announcer: This would be the first bakery company to enter this arena! Let's hope for them that they only fight for the bread and not LIKE the bread!
Announcer: You can fight better than you would expect from bread! But let's wait and see! Perhaps the opponent with the bread knife will find the end of their way!
Cibon: Urgs ... it was really bad.
Announcer: The bread that everyone fears! Her crust hard as steel and sharp as the finest blacksmithing. One enemy after the other they got stuck in their necks!
Cibon: Can anyone tell this guy he's not funny?
Announcer: The BRIGANT PRIDE!
Announcer: ... brigands ... proud?
Announcer: Of course! The pride of our nation! Here in our prison! Our model prisoners! If only everyone in Brigantia behaved like our humble friends here!
Announcer: Oh yes ... WE WOULD COUNT THE ENTIRE BRIGAN ORDER TO OUR PARTICIPANTS! Wouldn't that be great?
Cibon: It was so clear that it went like this ... < I saw this coming miles away...
Soko: We'll see who ends up laughing here! < We'll see who gets the last laugh!
Announcer: Oh yes! Our role model prisoners again! We can certainly be proud of our traitors. If I think about it ... shouldn't it rather be KORZOJENOS PROUD ?!
Soko: ... Damn ...
Cibon: Really an excellent name choice.
Announcer: They may have sold us to Korzojeno and stayed with us prisoners, but they have shown us that their martial art is indeed something to be proud of!
Announcer: Yes, maybe all of Brigantia!
Soko: We didn't sell anything to Korzojeno, they just don't want to understand it ...
Kento: At least they're starting to take us seriously.
Announcer: THE TRAITOR!
Announcer: If not our colleagues from the brigand order who would rather work for our treacherous neighboring country!
Announcer: Now you are here in Brigantia, but you will no longer be able to help your client! The only thing left for them is to fight!
Announcer: And here they are again to fight! Obviously there is nothing interesting to tell Korzojeno here!
Soko: ... how often do you want to hack on it?
Announcer: They fight, oh yes and how they fight! We can be glad that they are doing it here and not in a battle with our neighboring country under the leadership of Farenia!
Cibon: The guy can also be very glad that he's not down here ...
Announcer: And here comes your opponent!
Announcer: And here comes the next opponent!
Announcer: THE SLIMGY!
Announcer: All beginners in this tournament have to fight their way through this association of Glibber first!
Announcer: Although they are rarely ranked higher than the last, there were already people who were founded under their magical flames and water fountains!
Cibon: Hey, what losers, aren't you mate?
Kento: Be quiet.
Soko: Huh?
Announcer: THE PACKAGE!
Announcer: We found them in the darkest region of the Silvanwald and it wasn't easy to bring them here to the arena!
Announcer: But now they are here and they will show their opponents what the rules of the wild look like!
Cibon: Damn it just a few wolves.
Announcer: THE BEAR BROTHERS!
Announcer: They are big, furry and strong! Many weapons have failed because of their thick fur. And they know how to hit back!
Announcer: THE FEJAR SLITTERS!
Announcer: Too bad that the participants here don't have any Fejar to cut them off. Nevertheless, they are quick, agile and know how to restrict their opponents!
Announcer: THE UNDERGROUND TERROR!
Announcer: Right, it is exactly the beasts that are feared by all mine workers here! Now they even go so far as to threaten the tournament fighters!
Announcer: THE SHADOWSLEEPS!
Announcer: You know how to stab your opponent in the back. Your deadly technique kills the victim before they notice anything!
Announcer: But don't misjudge them! Your combat technique is as deadly in the open as it is in the dark night!
Announcer: THE EXOTICS!
Announcer: Nobody knows exactly where they come from, but their combat technology is second to none on the Toras continent! Your opponent will have to adjust to something completely new!
Announcer: THE KNIGHTS OF THE NIGHT!
Announcer: Your mighty appearance in dark armor has made many opponents tremble! But their appearance is not a spectacle!
Announcer: Many opponents have failed on their defensive!
Announcer: THE AVENGER OF THE RIGHTS!
Announcer: They steal from the rich and give it to the poor, they say. Too bad that there is no property for the prisoners here in prison!
Announcer: But their leader actually knows how to handle the bows! Your opponent should be careful!
Announcer: THE ZINCAR BROTHERS!
Announcer: This group really got up quickly! With their extraordinary teamwork they have made it far!
Announcer: With a dagger, claw and fighting stick they have already taught many opponents a lesson!
Announcer: THE PAUAMAIN VETERANS!
Announcer: Many opponents have perished from their deadly ore mining technique! And when someone was still standing, he had to swallow the fire of her dynamite arrows!
Announcer: THE CHEF MOST PERSONAL!
Announcer: The leader of the Pauamainer, he has been in first place for ages and he does not intend to hand him over!
Announcer: And everyone who questions this place gets thunder slides and cyclones in response! Another epic battle is upon us!
Announcer: The leader of the Pauamain team and the longest leader in our tournament history. Now he was beaten and lost his first place.
Announcer: Will he be able to fight him back? Another big fight is ahead!
Announcer: LET THE FIGHT BEGIN! <? GET READY TO RUMBLE!

Announcer: The Zinkar butchers slaughter all opponents to reach their final victim! Another win for them!
Announcer: The Zinkar butchers have come a step closer to their goal! Another win. The Zinkar brothers should be ready!
Announcer: The Repsbrot troop turns out to be really tough! This opponent will have to chew their opponents for a long time!
Cibon: Oh GOD ...
Announcer: The Repsbrot troop wins! What a fight! Blood and sweat flowed and reps cores flew!
Cibon: What a pipe!
Announcer: The brigand pride has won, as expected from our role model prisoners!
Announcer: The brigand pride has won! Did her great! We are all very proud of you.
Cibon: Thank you very much.
Soko: ...
Announcer: The traitors are victorious! Korzojeno must really regret losing these capable people!
Announcer: The traitors have won! Korzojeno seems to have a good grasp when choosing her spies!
Announcer: Your current rank is \ v [1886]
Announcer: How's it going? Are you ready to take on another opponent?
Announcer: A note because you are new. You have no way to reassemble or top up your equipment and you will not be healed.
Announcer: You can only heal yourself with existing items and change your armor if you have something to change.
Announcer: So, do you want to fight again?
Fight Again?
Announcer: Our winner is ready to take on another opponent! Applause for this participant!
Announcer: The Zinkar butchers have enough for today. Tomorrow is a new day! The Zinkar brothers will not run away after all!
Announcer: The Repsbrot troop has enough for today. Come on! You can curl up now!
Cibon: ARGS!
Announcer: The brigante pride has shone enough for today. Hopefully tomorrow we will have the opportunity to marvel at our model prisoners again!
Announcer: The traitors have fought enough for today. Now they can go back to their cells where they belong.
Soko: KILL !!!! 1
Note: These were Soko's thoughts.
Announcer: This was the last battle of the Zinkar butchers. Tomorrow is a new day! The Zinkar brothers will not run away after all!
Announcer: For today this was the last fight of the Repsbrot troop. Come on! You can curl up now!
Cibon: ARGS!
Announcer: This was the last fight of brigant pride, for today. Hopefully tomorrow we will have the opportunity to marvel at our model prisoners again!
Announcer: That was the last traitor fight for today! Now they can go back to their cells where they belong.
Soko: KILL !!!! 1
Note: These were Soko's thoughts.
Announcer: The Zinkar butchers have lost. What a shame! Will they ever reach their archenemy like this?
Announcer: The Repsbrot troop was beaten. Well, people like you are eaten here for breakfast!
Cibon: ... Ouch! And I'm not saying that because of any wounds!
Announcer: Our model prisoners were beaten! So how does something go? How should we be proud of such a group, please?
Announcer: Unfortunately that was nothing! The traitors were beaten! Yes, we like to see something like that!

Felcis: Oh? Are you up here too? It's nice that the guards give the prisoners so much free rein here.
Felcis: The tournament is also quite entertaining, if a little barbaric for my taste.

Guard: ALL PRISONERS BACK INTO THE CELLS IMMEDIATELY!
Felcis: Cieoly, that really wasn't necessary now.
Prisoner: Oha, what's that? A beautiful sparkling stone! New stolen goods, har har!
Felcis: What the ...! Bad luck twice in a row. It was certainly not planned that way.

Guard: ALL PRISONERS BACK INTO THE CELLS IMMEDIATELY!
Felcis: So, Cieoly. You know where this message is going, right? Don't mess that up now.
Felcis: Keep your fingers crossed for me. If everything goes well, I'll give you something nice to snack on tomorrow. Outside of these walls.



-= 230 =-
Guard: What do you want to go back to? Off to the mine, but brisk!

Guard: The exit is below. Right now you have no business.

Guard: What do you want to go back to? Off to the mine, but brisk!

Guard: What do you want to go back to? Off to the mine, but brisk!

Prisoner: ...

Prisoner: ... What is it?

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You heard the guards, right? We should go to the mine.

Prisoner: What are you talking to me about? Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You look pretty new here. In this case, remember the following: no - talk - on - tomorrow!

Kento: The ... the guy is still sleeping!
Cibon: And he still finds the right way ...

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

New Prisoner: Not Again ... Mine Work ... I Hate It ...

Prisoner: Hach! What a wonderful morning, isn't it? ... Get lost.

Old Prisoner: ... Oh ... my cross ...

Prisoner: Not now!

Prisoner: ...

Guard: What are you guys doing around here? Come on! Down and down to the mine!

Guard: Get down with you! No junk!

Guard: Go up and then right to get to the canteen.

Guard: Yawn ... Why does it always have to be so early ... Um ... Oh! You there! Go ahead!

Guard: You want to go to the canteen, right? Go up the aisle and then turn right.

Guard: The canteen is only AFTER work!

Guard: It won't go through here.

Guard: It's not going through here yet! Back with you!

$
Cibon: Oh, look at this line!
Kento: Obviously, it's the cafe they were talking about. So let's line up.
Kento: I'm starving...
Cibon: I just hope the portions aren't too small...
Soko: I don't think there'll be too much...
Kento: Hm... These walls are strange. Are you two seeing this glow too?
Cibon: You're right... That's something... Just say the walls are enchanted?
Soko: Yeah, the walls of this prison have a wall protected against magic from what I can tell.
Soko: Basically, this wall's barrier negates any Signum effect on it.
Soko: Meaning that Signum spells can't break these walls.
Cibon: Oh man, how the hell did we end up here of all places?
Soko: The Helnovien Prison is notorious for having very few successful escapes.
Soko: Exactly the kind of place where traitors of the country would be sent...

Felcis: Excuse me, I have to do a little something up there.
Soko: What's wrong now?
Kento: No matter, the food is waiting!

Royko: Oh! There you are. I finally meet you again.
Kento: Um, hello?
Royko: I'm Royko! The guy from the bridge. From the Toras Mountains.
Soko: Royko ... Oh, right! I remember. And you are here in prison now?
Royko: Yes, as I told you ... But ... How did you end up here? What did you do
Soko: We are wrongly locked up here! We are believed to be traitors, but we are not!
Royko: I've already heard this espionage story. I also couldn't imagine that you would do something like this ...
Cibon: Hey, would you be able to somehow get us out of here?
Royko: I you guys here? ... No, I'm sorry. Escaping Helnovia is pretty much impossible ...
Royko: As a single guard, there is nothing I can do about it.
Kento: It doesn't have to flee right away. Couldn't you put in a good word for us to be released?
Royko: Release? Here in Helnovien? They usually don't leave people free here ...
Soko: Please ?!
Royko: That is, as long as there is still room in prison or they are not strictly ordered by the government ...
Royko: As a lonely guard, there is nothing I can do about it ... Especially not with the leadership we have at the moment ...
Kento: Oh, who is that at the moment?
Royko: ... who is what?
Kento: ... The leadership ...
Royko: Oh, that's Sir Dolaros. He's not been here too long, but we all already know how stubborn he is.
Royko: Rethinking him with words is usually impossible ...
Kento: Is that such a stocky person with short, blonde hair?
Royko: Yes, exactly like that ...
Guard: Hey, you over there! What are you talking to the prisoners Go back to your post!
Royko: Z ... At your command!
Royko: I'm sorry, I have to keep going.
Cibon: Until then, colleague ...
Cibon: ... These are really wonderful prospects here ...
Soko: How did we deserve all this ...
Kento: It looks like we're being interrogated here personally by the prison leadership.
Kento: Quite strange, actually, that no subordinate does that.

...

Felcis: It looks like we have everything together. That means we can get started as soon as you are ready.
Felcis: We don't have to do it today, but we can't wait too long either.
Felcis: I will hang out here in the canteen every evening after work. Let me know when you're ready.
Kento: One more question, Felcis. We are now able to break the barrier, but what about the rest?
Kento: Just because the barrier is broken doesn't mean that we can walk out comfortably.
Felcis: You are absolutely right. However, I already have a plan for how to distract the guards.
Felcis: I'll tell you when we start the operation.
Felcis: Talk to me in the canteen when you're ready.
Kento: This Felcis really has its way of enlightening us at the last possible moment ...



-= 231 =-
Prisoner: If you mine a little too little ore, you get less food here. They don't care what your physical condition is.
Prisoner: That means: those who are old and weak get less to eat and become even weaker.

Prisoner: The food here is really cruel. But the main thing is that you get full.
The food here tastes horrendous.

Prisoner: The glow of the walls irritates me ... I thought I would get used to it over time, but it just doesn't let up.
Prisoner: That's why I can hardly sleep in my cell at night ... If only I had something to cover the walls with - but no, prisoners don't have any.

Prisoner: Have you run into this blonde general before? Sir Dolaros is his name. What a man!
Prisoner: I've heard that he interrogates certain prisoners every now and then and gets really hard at it ...
Prisoner: Oh yeah ... I wish I were the prisoner he would interrogate ...
Kento: D ... That ... I have no words.
Cibon: ... I ... I don't know where to start ...
Soko: So ... So wrong, that's so wrong!

Prisoner: Ah, the ex-soldiers of the brigand order. I am hardly surprised that there is also a woman with you.
Prisoner: That comes from putting genders in roles where they just don't fit! I would also go crazy if I kept standing in front of the stove!
Soko: So ... such a cheeky cheek! The fact that I'm here in prison has never removed my ...
Kento: It's good, Soko. Just ignore, just ignore.
Prisoner: Leave me alone.

Prisoner: Did you already notice that they even let monsters take part in the tournament fights? These are some pseudo teams that are kept by the guards.
Prisoner: But what I'm wondering ... Where do you lock the critters when they're not in the arena?

Prisoner: Today I saw one of those nasty, magical worms down there in the mine. At this sight I always lose my appetite for the rest of the day.
Kento: Is there anything left with you?
Soko: You keep that nice, Kento!

Prisoner: I was in a prison in Domarkor before - those were tough times. There you had absolutely no free run and there was food every 2 to 3 days.
Prisoner: This is less a prison than a labor camp if you ask me. Brigantia really seems to be primarily concerned with iron.

Prisoner: I really can't understand all of these people who are still playing or watching the tournament after work. All I want is back in my cell.

Prisoner: If you wonder what this platform is up there for - guards occasionally stand there and announce things to all the prisoners in the canteen.
Prisoner: It would be better not to put yourself up there and do some nonsense. The guards are extremely reluctant to see this.

Prisoner: I've been here for 3 weeks now ... I hate it, how could I end up here? All I did was pickpocket ...
Prisoner: And now I'm here and toil to death. I miss my family...
Soko: Crimes have to be punished ...
Cibon: Yes, but something because of a little pickpocketing? Don't you think that goes a little too far?
Kento: I think the problem is that all prisoners face the same fate here, regardless of why.
Prisoner: But what I'm wondering ... Where do you lock the critters when they're not in the arena?

Prisoner: Damn, I'm still hungry, but there is no reference! I have to work harder to make my portion bigger ...
Soko: The idea of motivating the prisoners with the food rations seems to work very well ...
Soko: How pitiful.
Cibon: Tomorrow we're going to do our best, aren't we, buddy?
Kento: You say it! The portions have to be bigger.
Soko: ... so pitiful ...

Cibon: There's barely anything to eat!
Kento: ...so hungry...
Soko: What'd they say again? That if we do badly in the mine, we won't get any food... They really were serious...
Cibon: We gotta give it our all Kento, otherwise we won't last much longer!
Kento: Yeah...
Cibon: I'm still hungry... But I think I'll survive.
Kento: I don't. I'm gonna starve to death tonight.
Cibon: Pull yourself together, Kento! If you really want to have more food, we have to put a little more effort down in the mine.
Soko: I thought it was enough... actually...
Cibon: Hey, that was more than I expected. So I'm full.
Kento: Well, that should be enough... to survive at least...
Soko: Yeah, more than enough...
Cibon: Whoa! I'm completely full! I never dreamed that they'd give us so much food!
Cibon: Obviously, we did a very good job in the mine... Yep, that's how it works!
Soko: Oh, I can't finish all of this... It's too much for me...
Kento: Can I have the rest?
Soko: So what happens now? It's late afternoon, so are we just going to be locked back in our cells and that's it for the day?
Cibon: Hm... Didn't you notice how many people were out there? Apparently, something's still going on.
????: Well, well, well... Take a look at who we have here! What a coincidence!
Cibon: W... What?! You're here too?
Saion: Are you so surprised? Which prison can we, the dreaded Zinkar Brothers, hold if it's not that of Helnovien?
Saion: We'd break out of every other cell, we'd outsmart all the other guards!
Saion: But not in Helnovien! This prison is just safe enough to keep us here and nothing less!
Jorn: You probably already realize how desperate he's becoming. He's proud to be LOCKED UP here.
Saion: Quiet, Jorn! Nobody asked you!
Saion: But isn't it a wonderful coincidence that we met you here? Fate seems to work well with us!
Jorn: Yes exactly, after fate was so kind enough to lock us up here.
Jorn: I'd at least say that, if it weren't for the stupidity of a certain person around here who's responsible for it.
Saion: I told you to be quiet, Jorn!
Saion: You've probably heard of the tournament, haven't you?
---
Saion: No? Oh, so new and <green behind your ears> are you still? <\/ inexperienced
Saion: The tournament is for the tough people here in prison! Anyone who wants to can take part every evening.
Saion: The fights are always fought in groups. The best way is to form the group of 3 as we know it!
Saion: Every group has its rank, newcomers always start at the bottom. You can then challenge other groups of similar rank!
Saion: And that's exactly what I'm aiming for! </\
---
Saion: Excellent!
---
Saion: We challenge you to a duel! That means we would like to do it, but your rank as a newcomer is far too low for that! <\/
Saion: You will have to fight your way up in the tournament before you can compete against us!
Saion: So I'm counting on you.
Saion: On the other hand, you can consider us a winner if you don't manage to reach our rank!
Soko: One question... What... do you actually get from these battles?
Soko: How... How can you even fancy a theater like this, with all the mine work? < how do you still have enough energy for the tournament?
Jorn: Believe me, I keep asking him this question, and yet he always pulls me into this mess.
Saion: Women like you are unlikely to understand this! It's about honor and proof of strength!
Jorn: There is also a real advantage: They even make you skip mining every now and then if you are good enough.
Saion: ... Yes, but that's irrelevant. Whatever. I hope I can count on you </\
Gurim: One question... How'd you ended up here?
Kento: That's a somewhat complicated story...
Jorn: You were soldiers, or am I wrong? Just say you are these traitors to the country that they all speak of. <? You can just say
Soko: We didn't betray our country! We were wrongly locked up here...
Cibon: A certain old geezer thought we were malicious spies working for Korzojeno.
Kento: And since this "old geezer" is a member of the council, you can easily guess why we're here now.
Jorn: Heh. That's fate for ya. I think everyone has something like this one way or another. I've had the misfortune of having him as my brother and you've had yours with that old geezer.
Saion: What are you dawdling down there? You have nothing to discuss with our arch enemies! <?
Jorn: Please don't take this crazy man seriously. He is the only one of us who actually believes in this archenemy <>>> sees you as archenemy.
Jorn: You are nothing more than an excuse for his own stupidity. <?
Saion: Jorn!
Jorn: Yeah yeah!
Jorn: Well, see you around.
Soko: The two make a really unexpectedly decent impression ... <\/
Kento: Evil seems to come from this Saion ...
Cibon: Then I really wonder why the two of them hang around with him all the time.
Kento: Who knows, they'll have their reasons ...
Cibon: Hm, we should have a look at this tournament!
Soko: You really want to go into that ...?
Cibon: We mustn't lose our fighting spirit here - and the tournament will help us!
Cibon: I also have a desire to pull this Saion over ...
Cibon: I mean, come on. THE and a higher rank than WE? It can't stay that way!
Kento: You let yourself be provoked too easily, Cibon ... </\
---
Kento: It occurs to me that today you are likely to question another one of us again.
Soko: That's right ...
Kento: I told them some stories recently ...
Kento: You should make sure that you base your statements on this. Otherwise our lies will be exposed.
Cibon: And then what?
Kento: Then there's a beating. Even during mine work, they threatened me.
Cibon: So what did you tell them?
Soko: Kento, if you see through our lies, you will think that we want to know and keep things secret, right?
Kento: ... you could be right ...
Soko: Lying is always only a temporary way out. And they can interrogate us here for months if they feel like it.
Soko: Telling you the truth may be harder at first, but it's the only way to end the interviews in the long run.
Cibon: Great, now I honestly don't know what to do.
Kento: Maybe Soko is right, it could make more sense to simply say permanently that you don't know anything.
Cibon: I think I'll decide when the time comes. Just tell me what you said to them.
Soko: I wonder what's going on outside. Did Brigantia find this group in the meantime?
Kento: Such news should spread quickly, even here in prison ...
Soko: If they discover the troop, it will probably be clear that we are not spies! Maybe we'll get out of here ...
Kento: Well, we heard yesterday that prisoners are usually not released here.
Kento: A big animal has to pull us out of here.
Soko: ...
Cibon: You could really be a little more optimistic, buddy. Our situation is desperate enough.
Cibon: They'll probably be questioning you today, Soko.
Soko: Yes ...
Kento: How are you going to behave now?
Soko: I don't know ... does it really make sense to tell them lies all the time?
Soko: We won't keep this up, so at least I won't ...
Soko: And it looks like we won't get out of here as soon ...
Kento: So you want to call innocence? You know that all our lies will be exposed.
Kento: Cibon and I will have to face the consequences ...
Soko: I ... I forgot ...
Cibon: Don't be considerate of me, Soko. They can't beat me up much more than last time.
Kento: Well, just do what you think is right. We'll get through this.
Kento: Oh, Felcis, I haven't quite understood one thing yet.
Kento: What does someone like you in this country have to do beyond the border? You said you were an envoy from the aristocracy ...
Felcis: Oh, well, I had an inspection job at the border.
Felcis: There have been a lot of rumors lately about an underground passage leading under the border.
Felcis: According to these rumors, this passage is due to the gangs of robbers roaming around here.
Felcis: I think it goes without saying that this is neither in the interests of Korzojeno nor Brigantia.
Felcis: After all, borders are not built so that you can walk freely underneath.
Felcis: So I was assigned a small group of soldiers to get to the bottom of it.
Felcis: And indeed. There was a passage. And their dimensions far exceeded my expectations.
Felcis: It's more than just a small tunnel. Rather, it is a large cave system that runs through the border.
Felcis: Big enough to lose his people there. This is exactly what happened to me when we were chased by a gang of robbers.
Felcis: I was lucky enough to find my way back in the end, but ended up in Brigantia.
Felcis: My people were still missing and since I'm not the type to let their people down, I wanted to ask for help here.
Felcis: And now I'm sitting here. And all I can do is hope that my people got away on their own.
Cibon: Okay ... that's pretty bad ...
Soko: What are they actually thinking here? They can't just lock someone up here!
Soko: You have to get confirmation from the council, or from a higher general in the west, at least!
Soko: This is insane!
Felcis: Well, yes
Felcis: Well, THAT'S HELNOVIA !!!
Felcis: Well, THAT'S HELNOVIA, as I've been told about it.
Felcis: Brigantia's land on your own initiative! Here people are still full of fresh ideas!
Felcis: Here, where this spoil of advice can't complain permanently thanks to the blockade of the Toras Mountains.
Felcis: If I had known that Korzojeno was currently under suspicion, I would not have dared to go here.
Felcis: Well, that's life. If you excuse me, I'll take a look around here ...
Soko: It's a strange coincidence that we suddenly meet such a person ...
Cibon: What do you think? Do you believe him that Korzojeno has nothing to do with this group, but Brigantia is behind it?
Soko: I can't imagine someone in the Council planning something like this ...
Kento: It is, of course, in the spirit of this Felcis to free the aristocracy from suspicion ...
Kento: From this point of view, it is quite possible that he will give us wrong facts ...
Cibon: Well, even if - does it make a difference for us? We're not in the Council here, we're in a prison.
Soko: Where you're right ...
Cibon: I can't believe it! How did you get such a portion together without really mining ore?
Felcis: Oh well. I played some ore carrier.
Felcis: Since I was mainly talking to people anyway, I offered to take the ore to the collection point for them.
Felcis: For just 10% deduction that went to me, people didn't have to drag the ore themselves.
Felcis: A surprising number of them have already responded to this. Above all these Pauamainer colleagues, for ore chopping is the meaning of life.
Kento: Not bad.
Cibon: Pah! Something like that is called scrounging!
Felcis: But to something else. I need your help right away if possible.
Kento: what is it about?
Felcis: For our "plan" we need another item.
Felcis: I still had this item with me, fortunately the guards hadn't spotted it.
Felcis: I just had to spoil my luck with stupid clumsiness. I lost the thing.
Cibon: fool.
Felcis: Now this item is in the hands of a prisoner who is unwilling to give it back to me ...
Cibon: Oh, didn't you ask kindly enough?
Felcis: I could have asked as nicely as I wanted, the guy just has something against me or more about my background.
Soko: Please?
Felcis: We should just pay the guys a visit after dinner. Maybe we can do something more.
Felcis: Okay, it'll probably be a while before we get the stuff out of the mine.
Felcis: Well, the blasting was probably nothing today, but tomorrow is still a working day.
Felcis: In the meantime we can try to take our beautiful stone off this Robin ...
Felcis: Well, now that we have our powder, all we need is the stone.
Felcis: Our proletariat-protecting Grünhut is still watching over this at the moment. Time to free him of this burden.
Cibon: As soon as possible! I'm looking forward to it.
Soko: We mustn't take this fight carelessly, understand?
Kento: Yes, we should spare the Robin this extra pain.
Soko: Him - and you too.
Cibon: Right. I can well imagine how the guy interprets our hesitation ...
Kento: Well, if he underestimates us, that can only be an advantage.
Cibon: Our team name is Repsbrot troop. We are underestimated either way.
Soko: Good bread takes time to rise properly. Robin should be able to imagine that.
Felcis: You called yourself a Repsbrot troop? A truly delicious choice of names.
Cibon: Stop that!
Kento: Yes, as long as the stone is with Robin, anything can happen to it ...
Kento: What if he lost it, someone stole it, or the guards discovered it?
Felcis: I think this Robin knows how to protect his treasures. He has experience with it ...
Felcis: It looks like we have everything together. That means we can get started as soon as you are ready.
Felcis: We don't have to do it today, but we shouldn't wait too long either.
Felcis: As of today, I'll hang out here in the canteen every evening. Let me know when you're ready.
Kento: One more question, Felcis. We are now able to break the barrier, but what about the rest?
Kento: Just because the barrier is broken does not mean that we can walk out comfortably.
Felcis: You are absolutely right. However, I already have a plan for how to distract the guards.
Felcis: I'll tell you when we start the operation.
Felcis: Talk to me in the canteen when you're ready.
Kento: This Felcis really has its way of enlightening us at the last possible moment ...
Felcis: Well, we have everything together. Let me know when you're ready, I'm still waiting up here in the canteen.
Felcis: Don't take too much time.
Kento: If we really want to try out this tournament, the registration for it seems to be over there... <$
Felcis: This type is located on the top floor of the cell building. Shortly before the entrance to the terrace.
Kento: Alright. Let's have a look there.

Guard: Choose your next opponent.
Guard: Do you want to stop fighting?
Guard: Nagut.
Guard: Alright. Then prepare yourself briefly.

The result of today's tournament fights.
Saion: Hmpf! We'll win our tournament place back, just wait!
Jorn: I see many months of cruel battles coming on me. Someone get me out of here, please!
Saion: Jorn, will you please stop complaining all the time?
Saion: Gurim and I survive the whole thing without complaining! So get yourself together!
Jorn: We all know by now that you like to be beaten up, and that Gurim never complains as well!
Jorn: Nobody is forcing us to do all these fights, have you ever thought of it?
Jorn: Damn, by now I would even prefer to work regularly in the mine instead of performing in the tournament again!
Saion: I am doing my best here to create a good reputation for us here and to move us forward!
Saion: And everything you do is gripe, gripe, gripe! You should be grateful to me for pulling you along at all!
Jorn: GRATEFUL ?! It is YOUR fault that we ended up here in the first place! Just because you absolutely wanted your fight back then!
Jorn: And even here fighting is the only thing you can think of!
Saion: I've told you several times! This life is in our blood! We, with the last name Zinkar, never lose out!
Saion: But what am I wondering at all. Of course you don't understand that! You are the BLACK SHEEP of the three of us!
Jorn: Right! I am the black sheep!
Jorn: Right! I am the black sheep! LUCKILY!
Jorn: Otherwise I would have this
Jorn: Otherwise I would have this IDIOT BLOOD in me that everyone
Jorn: Otherwise I would have this IDIOT BLOOD in me, which TAKES ALL MIND and one for me
Jorn: Otherwise I would have this IDIOT BLOOD in me that TAKES ALL MIND and gives me a THICK SKULL!
Saion: WHAT ARE YOU SAYING ?! COME BACK IMMEDIATELY!
Cibon: W ... what was that now ...
Soko: Gurim ... What was Jorn talking about?
Gurim: ... It's been a little while since they had an argument ...
Gurim: Jorn ... is really just a half brother of us ... Is a complicated subject ...
Gurim: In any case, Saion doesn't manage to overlook this thing ...
Gurim: Excuse me, but I should make sure the two are right ...
Soko: ... It seems there is something more behind all the arguments ...
Kento: It's not that we have to play psychiatrists here. It is their business and we should not interfere.
Felcis: So my friend, we won, you know what that means? Bring the clunker.
Robin: Yes, yes. Alright. You were lucky this time. You can have your stone.
Robin: The next time we meet in the tournament, it won't be that easy for you!
Pauamainer Member: That was a top performance from you today! We haven't had such good opponents in a long time!
Pauamainer Member: Have a look at our base if you already belong to the Pauamainer underground brotherhood! We might have something for you.
Da Boss: Ei jòò, you really surprised me! You are tough guys!
Da Boss: Why not visit our Stidsepungd inside Grub! You can do a great job!
Cibon: What a dialect. Where does the guy come from? < What an accent. Where's this guy from?

Guard: passage only for registered combat participants.

Guard: If you want to participate in the tournament, register with my colleague at the table.

Guard: If you want to register for the tournament, please talk to me over the counter, yes?

Guard: In principle, prisoners can compete here in teams. There is a ranking list with the most successful teams at the top.
Guard: Each team can compete against another team a maximum of 2 times a day. You can only fight teams that are ranked below you or one or two ranks higher.
Guard: Should the team with the higher rank lose in a fight, it will decrease in rank behind the winner.
Guard: If the opponent with the lower rank loses again, nothing happens.
Guard: As far as equipment is concerned, you will be able to choose it, but you will find out more in the armaments room if you should fight.

Guardian: But you're pretty quick. Just arrived here and off to the arena. Well, your thing.
Guardian: I assume that the three of you want to compete as a team. In that case, I would need a team name.
Soko: How, a team name?
Guardian: This is common here. Don't think people want to remember your strange names. So come up with something.
Guardian: If I remember correctly, you were the force that cheated our country, right?
Guardian: How about "The Traitors"? With the name, most of you will know who it is!
Soko: Never!
Cibon: That would be even nicer!
Guardian: Beautiful, beautiful! Then think of something better. But don't let me wait too long or I'll write down my idea whether you like it or not.
Cibon: Come on, come up with something, buddy!
Kento: I don't know ...
Soko: Anything is better than this name ...
Kento: Um ...
Cibon: ... quick buddy!
Kento: Now, don't rush me!
Cibon: We don't have time.
Kento: "The Sunbread Squad".
Cibon: What the hell?
Kento: It comes from when you put me under pressure like this. Why doesn't anything come from your side? < That's what happens when you put me under pressure like this. Why don't you come up with something better?
Soko: "The Brigantine Pride"!
Cibon: Hm ...
Kento: I don't know, but the way it sounds, people will take it very ironically, Soko ...
Soko: ...
Cibon: I got it! We call ourselves after our destiny! The reason we're fighting for why we're going through all this stuff!
Soko: And that would be what? < And what would that be?
Cibon: "The Zinkar Butchers"!
Kento: ... Good ... That would at least clarify what we want to achieve ...
Guardian: Do you three have it slow? So you either tell me your team name, or your name is "The Traitors" and end. < and that's the end of it.
(Kento: Looks like I have to choose now.)
Kento: Our team name would then be "The Zinkar Butchers".
Guardian: Zinkar Butcher? So you want to overpower the Zinkar brothers? Then you still have a long way to go, because they are not that far down.
Cibon: Excuse me?
Guardian: In third place, to be exact.
Kento: Oha, that's surprising.
Cibon: This has to be changed urgently. What kind of tournament is that, where guys like this are up there?
Kento: Our team name would then be ... "The Sunbread Squad" ... < Our team name will be...
Guardian: Excuse me?
Kento: Sunbread, like the baked goods. "Meticulously baked to perfection using sunflour!"
Cibon: Buddy, you're not serious, are you? How should they take us with such a name seriously? < Kento, you gotta be kidding me! How are we supposed to be taken seriously with such a name?
Kento: If you don't take us seriously, you will underestimate us and that would be an advantage. < If they don't take us seriously, they'll underestimate us which would be an advantage.
Cibon: ... No! That would be absolutely stupid! < ...No! That'd be absolutely stupid!
Guardian: Whatever! If you want to be called Repsbrot troop, then you are called that. Registered < If you want to be called the Sunbread Squad, then we'll call you that.
Guardian: This would make you the first force in the history of this prison to name something edible. < This'll make you the first team in the history of this prison to be named after something edible.
Soko: Great class. < Wow. Great name you picked there.
Kento: I like reps bread ... < What? I like sunbread...
Kento: Our team name would then be "The Brigantine Pride".
Cibon: Um... are you sure about that Kento?
Soko: Let the people know that we behaved as soldiers of the Brigantine Order do!
Guard: Brigantine... Pride...?
Guardian: Wuahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! I've never seen anything like it!
Guardian: Brigantine Pride! And in a prison! A Brigantine prison of all places! Brigantia can definitely be proud of that, oh yeah they most certainly can!
Soko: ...Hey, we were wrongly locked up here!
Guardian: Haha, yep. That's what they all say.
Cibon: You made a great choice there, buddy ... < You made a great choice there... *eye roll*
Soko: I think it's good. It shows that you still believe in our innocence, Kento. < I think it's a good choice.
(Kento: I just found the self-irony of the name interesting, but I better not say anything ...) < (Kento: I mostly just found the irony of this name too good to pass up, but I better not say anything...)
Kento: I ... can't make up my mind. So we take "The Traitors". < I... just can't make up my mind. So we'll go with "The Traitors".
Soko: Kento! Why are you doing this?! Any other name would have been better, even Repsbrot troops!
Cibon: Yeah ... even Repsbrot troops ... okay maybe not, but damn, what about Zinkar butcher ?! < but still
Guardian: Ha, I knew it suited you. "The Traitors". Registered and connected. < suits you well ... Registered through and through!
Soko: No! We don't want that name!
Guardian: Do I look as if I would like to correct this entry again? The thing is done, so stop whining.
Kento: Sometimes it's best to just go with the river, Soko. < go with the flow
Kento: If people here think we're all traitors, a team name won't change that.
Soko: ... Still, you could have chosen something else ...
Guardian: Alright. Now that you are registered, you can start your first fight.
Guardian: Here is the ranking. If you want to fight, choose your opponent.
Guardian: You can only fight teams that are ranked below you or one or two ranks higher.

Guard: Here is tournament registration. What do you want?
Guard: Well, then please don't stand in the way here.
Guard: The tournament fights are closed for today. Do you want to see the current ranking?
Guard: Well, then please don't stand in the way here.
Guard: Click here for the tournament. How is it looking? Do you want to fight
Guard: Well, then please don't stand in the way here.
Guard: How? Not now? Please don't waste my time here.
Guard: So you want to fight "TournamentGegn1TurnierGegn2"? Well, then come in with you.
Cibon: What should we fight with?
Guard: Well, we have our armor room especially for tournament participants. Just go ahead, they'll explain how this works.

Guard: No passage here for you!

Guard: There is no entry for prisoners here.

Kento: That ... was clever.
Felcis: With the other sack we repeat the game to complete the trail to the cell.
Felcis: Tonight we're going to trigger the effect and break the barrier. Then the escape starts!
Kento: Okay ... and then what do we do? Just because the barrier is gone, we can't just walk out!
Felcis: We won't either. At least not alone. We'll all walk out there together.
Soko: How, together? Do you mean ... the other prisoners?
Felcis: Exactly. Once the barrier is gone, we can easily break the cells. If we run away in masses, the guards are overwhelmed.
Felcis: This is the only way we can escape.
Soko: But ... we can't just release all the prisoners!
Felcis: I knew it was going to be complicated ... Look, Soko, there are times like this when you have to give your code of honor a vacation.
Felcis: We were illegally locked up here, we will only get out illegally.
Soko: You say that so nicely! We don't have the right to decide on something like that! Prisoners are prisoners!
Felcis: If so, why did you agree to the escape plan in the first place? We are prisoners too, forget?
Felcis: Anyway. There is no way back. We're escaping tonight. Until then, you should rest and prepare yourself internally.
Felcis: I hope I can count on your support ...
Kento: Wait! Is that really all? Do you think that's enough to get past the guards? I hope you are not serious!
Felcis: There's more to come. Let yourself be surprised.
Cibon: The guy really gets on my nerves! What is so difficult about speaking plain text ?!
Kento: I can understand that he wanted to hide this one detail ...
Soko: I knew something like this was coming.
Kento: He's right ... Without the turmoil, it will be much harder to get out of here.
Soko: I know ... But do we really have to go that far? How low do we want to sink?
Cibon: Soko please, let's not drop at the last moment!
Soko: Alright ... let's just get out of here ...

Insane Girl: Ah! There you are again! What was going on?
Insane Girl: Well, where did I stop ... Hmm ... Oh yeah!
Insane Girl: I feel like accompanying you in the future. It's okay, isn't it?
Kento: Uhhhm ... well ...
Cibon: buddy, RACE!
Cibon: ARE YOU MADNESS ?! Do you want us all to get on our nerves?
Kento: The ... The question came so suddenly and unexpectedly! I wasn't prepared for it ...
Blond girl: Oh, hello! What are you doing here Somehow everything is so dark and dark here, isn't it?
Cibon: No matter how gloomy and dark it may be here, the presence of your beauty alone makes any desolation go away!
Blond girl: wow! How long has it been since I got such a great compliment!
Blond girl: the people here are all so grumpy and in a bad mood, but you're totally different! Great!
Blond girl: I thought my life had only been going downhill since I landed here.
Blond girl: And only because of a little theft! < And all because
Insane Girl: I just wanted to help two other people who were totally desperate.
Insane Girl: completely stupid! And now I have to work here in this terrible mine! It is exhausting!
Cibon: J ... Yes ... Really hard times here ...
Insane Girl: Yes! Exactly! It's great to have someone you can tell everything about, really! Knew what's going on here
It's great to have someone you can tell everything about, really! Did you know what happened to me here yesterday? I sat on
that you can tell everything, really! Did you know what happened to me here yesterday? I was sitting at a table and suddenly came
really! Did you know what happened to me here yesterday? I was sitting at a table and suddenly these prisoners came and went
happened yesterday? I was sitting at a table and suddenly these prisoners came and make fun of my ears! Full
a table and suddenly these prisoners came and make fun of my ears! Totally mean, isn't it? I was the one
these prisoners and make fun of my ears! Totally mean, isn't it? I was depressed all evening, whole
funny about my ears! Totally mean, isn't it? I was depressed all evening, all alone in my cell ...
mean, isn't it? I was depressed all evening, all alone in my cell ... My past was already
Depressed all evening, all alone in my cell ... My past was bad enough. I know my parents
alone in my cell ... My past was bad enough. I actually know my parents ...
Cibon: buddy! Let's get out of here!
Kento: ... insane. That you literally run away from a woman. What else I can experience.
Cibon: THERE ARE YOU WONDERFUL !? This brat would have cut my last nerves within the next 4 minutes!
Kento: Well, you have to admit. It was quite "entertaining".
Cibon: ... I want to have missed that ...

Man at the Counter: You have eaten enough for today. So it's not here!

Woman at the Counter: I'm sorry, there is no more reference.

Woman at the Counter: Here is no passage for you! Don't go too far or we'll call the guards!

Woman at the Counter: Here is no passage for you! Don't go too far or we'll call the guards!

Felcis: Well? Are you ready?
Kento: Now we have your stone and the greyhound powder ... and still have no idea what your plan looks like. It's time for you to educate us.
Felcis: Well ... As I said before, I have to break the magic barrier - and this is possible with this stone and the gray-powdered powder.
Felcis: This protective barrier is maintained with a machine. It is near here, on the 1st floor of this building.
Felcis: All we have to do is bring this stone close to the machine to trigger its effect.
Soko: How do you trigger the effect? Through Signum?
Felcis: Exactly. The right spell and the bomb detonates.
Soko: But don't you have to be right next to the stone? How are we supposed to get so close to the machine with the stone?
Felcis: Well, that's where the greyhawk powder comes in!
Felcis: Greyhound powder enhances the effect of Signum sayings, but can also be used to extend the area of effect.
Felcis: And we do exactly that. With the help of the gray-sparkling powder we make a fuse from our cell to the stone at the machine.
Cibon: So so. Then how do you want to get the stone to the machine? Or pull the fuse? Really a great plan.
Felcis: So, well! Don't doubt here!
Felcis: In such situations, we at the nobility alliance always know how to help ourselves with the right trick!
Felcis: Ladies and gentlemen, two bags! Both full of sparkling dust, but only one with a magical stone.
Felcis: Dear lady, please hold this for a moment.
Soko: Um ... okay?
Felcis: We now provide the other sack, the one with the pebble inside, with a mystical aura ....
Felcis: And now the grand finale! See and be amazed!
Kento: Um ... Felcis? Where are you going?
Guard: So ... what kind of rubbish is that? A sack ... full of powder? Whatever it is, it no longer belongs to you!
Guard: Stop here, I'll just take it away.
Cibon: What the hell was that. Did you just have this one sack ... all our hope ...
Cibon: LOST TO THE GUARDIANS ?!
Cibon: It looks like this. What a pitty.
Cibon: Listen! You can not be serious?!
Felcis: Calm down, calm down, Cibon! Everything is going according to plan. What do you think where this bag is going now?
Soko: Probably in a camp ...
Felcis: Exactly! Now I know from a reliable source where exactly this camp is and now guess what is directly below it?
Cibon: ... The ... machine?
Felcis: Bingo!
Kento: And what about the fuse to the stone?
Felcis: Well, it's being laid right now.
Felcis: Alright, but don't take too much time.



-= 232 =-
Guard: Here are the new prisoners, as instructed!
General: About time.
General: Soso. So that's what spies look like these days, how? Colleagues from their own barracks. <\/
General: And then also celebrities like our young Mr. Daikon here!
General: You'd think that with all the worship of fellow human beings, you would have enough pleasure in your nation.
General: But no! Instead, you are here now!
Soko: We are not spies and not traitors! All of this is a misunderstanding ...
General: Shouldn't you have understood so slowly that you have no freedom of speech here in front of guards?
General: Tsk. I think the little one has enough for today. I'll start with celebrities.
General: Bring the other two to their cells.
Guard: Command, sir!

Felcis: There is a tiny hole in the bag and a wind aura distributes the powder evenly with each step.
Felcis: So the guard just prepared our bomb and fuse!



-= 234 =-
Guard: Do you want an explanation of the choice of armor?
Guard: As you have probably already noticed, you will get some tournament coins from us.
Guard: You can exchange them here for armor pieces and other items that you can then use in combat.
Guard: You only choose your equipment once a day. You cannot change the equipment between fights. So plan well in advance if you want to fight several times.
Guard: Of course, you won't keep your armor or coins when your battles are over.
Guard: How? Did you decide differently? Then stop again from the beginning. Hurry up!
Guard: Then don't speak to me, but choose your armor and fight.

Guard: Oha, a new participant. Here you have your standard mine equipment and tournament coins.
Guard: Here are your tournament coins.
Guard: By the way, the number of your tournament coins depends on how much ore you have collected today.
Guard: You can now exchange your tournament coins for better equipment here if you think that the pickaxe and work clothes are not good enough for you.
Guard: If you have any questions about the choice of armor, feel free to ask me.
Guard: Do your selection quickly, don't keep the others waiting.

...

Guard: Get out when you're ready.

Guard: We have a very nice collection of equipment here, don't we? Would also be boring if you would only fight with picks all the time.

Guard: Are you ready for the battle?

Guard: Hey, what's this about? Do you want to lose out now? Once in there is no going back. You fight now whether you like it or not!



-= 237 =- $
Guard: Sir Dolaros! Don't you think you're going a little bit too far with this? You've been ordered to refrain from interrogating these prisoners...
Sir Dolaros: Oh, you mean this letter?
Sir Dolaros: I AM holding back. Take a good look at all the torture devices we have here. Did I use even a single one?
Guard: But the punches...
Sir Dolaros: You mean THESE punches?
Sir Dolaros: My job here is to squeeze every last bit of information out of people.
Sir Dolaros: I don't know what kind of show and tell fairy tale this Vorento guy has, but nothing gets done without a little violence!
Guard: Well besides that... Do you really think that this Kento guy told the truth?
Sir Dolaros: Do I look like a mind reader? He most likely made up a lot of stuff so he could say anything at all.
Sir Dolaros: The guy seemed pretty smart anyway. But we still have two more prisoners.
Sir Dolaros: Over time, their lies will be exposed and we WILL get the truth.
Sir Dolaros: Go now. I want to be left alone.
Guard: At your command, sir.
Sir Dolaros: These interrogations aren't going to get any more exciting. Oh how I hate this dump of a place.



-= 238 =-
General: Soso. Mr. Daikon. Kento! How did you like mine work? < Well, well, well.
Kento: ...
General: speech! How did you like it?
Kento: ... It was exhausting ...
General: I think so. But it's not much more than an ordinary, hard working day, isn't it?
General: Now there are more than enough soldiers under my command.
General: So I'm able to make your life down there really hell. Do you realize that?
General: So if you and your colleagues prefer a working day without a beating, you'd better tell me what I want to hear!
General: Got it?
General: UNDERSTAND?
Kento: Yes.
General: So let's start. What kind of troops are you spying on?
Kento: A force that has formed an army underground that Brigantia didn't know about.
General: Very nice Kento, but we already know that! Is this troop connected to the Farenian aristocracy?
Kento: I don't know.
General: Wrong answer. Don't tell me that as a spy on this group you don't know such a basic thing!
Kento: ... Yes, they are connected to the Farenian aristocracy.
General: Good. What is the goal of this group?
Kento: You want to narrow Brigantia and regain the parts of the country that Korzojeno lost during the war.
General: Don't tell me lies!
General: How does an army that is so small that it can be accumulated underground want to stand up to the Brigade Order's army ?!
Kento: a secret weapon ...
General: what was that?
Kento: There is a secret weapon with which you would be equal to Brigantia. However, I don't know anything more about it ...
Kento: The information is strictly confidential ...
General: You definitely know more! SO TALK!
Kento: It's a magic ... Similar to Septoccasus.
General: Well, that sounds interesting. I warn you, woe you tell me something wrong!

Sir Dolaros: Soso, so you're Cibon Tirunel. Has your colleague already told you how this works with the interrogation?
Cibon: You say what or you get hit, don't you?
Sir Dolaros: Almost! We want to hear the truth and nothing more!
Sir Dolaros: If your statements turn out to be wrong, we will meet again, I guarantee you.
Cibon: Bla, bla, bla. Have we talked enough now and can we finally start asking questions?

Sir Dolaros: Soso. Soko Filaja. A female soldier of the brigand order. It is hard to believe what is going into the army today.
Sir Dolaros: I think you three now know how this works. So let's go straight to the questions.
Soko: This interrogation is pointless.
Sir Dolaros: What was that?
Soko: This interrogation is pointless. You can't squeeze information out of us because we don't know anything!
Sir Dolaros: Well, it sounded very different with your two colleagues!
Soko: Of course it sounded different! You were forced to say something, anything!
Sir Dolaros: Right! And it won't be any different with you, my lady. < young lady

Sir Dolaros: So ... Sir Kiorta. So you come as a messenger from the aristocratic union, you say.
Felcis: If you don't believe me, just get a confirmation from Farenia yourself.
Sir Dolaros: It is not necessary. We believe you. Why else do you think we would have locked you up here?
Sir Dolaros: So we get to the point! What is Farenia up to? What are you planning in the background without letting Brigantia know about it?
Felcis: Well, I want to be honest. We are currently planning to change the color of our coat of arms.
Felcis: These bright colors are far too optimistic for us because of our currently very poor existence. < our currently oh so poor existence
Felcis: We are sincerely sorry that we have not informed Brigantia of this. < Our sincerest condolences
Sir Dolaros: Don't be stupid! You know exactly what I'm talking about!
Sir Dolaros: Why was that secret combat force formed that was discovered in the Silvan Forest?
Felcis: What troop are you talking about? I don't know anything about it.
Felcis: Then again I don't know what is going on in our aristocratic league.
Felcis: But be sure - our current prince would never dream of standing up to Brigantia again.
Sir Dolaros: It is very difficult for me to believe this, given what happened at the border!
Sir Dolaros: It is extremely strange that you have not heard of it to date - almost suspicious!
Felcis: Speaking of strange facts ...
Felcis: How is it that a man of your kind is stationed here in Helnovien?
Felcis: I thought you were active on the southern continent in leading the troops against the uprisings ...
Sir Dolaros: You don't care! We're talking about the aristocracy! And I ask the questions here !! Roger that?!
Felcis: Forgive my brazen intervention ...
(Felcis: Something like that ... I hit a pretty sore point ...)



-= 240 =-
Felcis: Come on. We wanted to pay a visit to this one person, right?
Felcis: We have to go up one floor. He is there at the passage to the terrace.
---$
Guard: Do you want to go back to your cells? You still have some time left. <: That's enough for today./No, not yet.
Guard: You there! Halt!
Guard: You're coming with us!
Soko: Why? What's happening?
Guard: NO QUESTIONS! Get over here!
---
Guard: Hey there, stop!
Guard: You there with the glasses. Come along.
Felcis: How? Is it about my excellence in the mine?
Guard: Don't talk, come along!
Felcis: Alright, alright.
Kento: Probably he's being interrogated now ...
Cibon: He has my condolences.
Guard: Enjoy your free minutes.

...

Cibon: buddy! What did they do to you
Kento: Interrogated. They wanted to squeeze information out of me.
Cibon: What did you tell them please?
Kento: Mainly fictitious things. I'll tell you more about it tomorrow. It is important that our statements are identical.
Kento: ... How is Soko?
Cibon: I think she's feeling better now, isn't she?
Soko: ... Yes ... It was just a punch.
Cibon: The guys really don't care about anyone.
Soko: Why should you too? I'm as much a spy as you two are.
Soko: By the way, Kento ... are you sure telling them any lies is a good idea?
Soko: In this way nobody will believe us anymore that we are innocent ...
Kento: Believe me, you won't do it here either way.
Kento: This is not a dish. They use us as workers and sources of information. They are not interested in our innocence.

Guard: EVERYONE WAKE UP AND OUT OF THE CELLS!
Cibon: Yawn! And another new working day ...
Soko: ... Ohje ... out now? ... is it already so late ...?
Cibon: Hey buddy! Wake up! You can't sleep here, remember?
Kento: ... W ... What?
Cibon: prison. Mine work.
Kento: Oh no ...

Soko: So far, they haven't picked us up for questioning.
Cibon: Maybe you skip it today ...
Cibon: Would have been too nice ...
Guard: You there with the blue headband! Come along.
Cibon: Looks like it's my turn today ...
Cibon: Yes! You want information from me? I'll give you some!
Kento: Why do I have a very bad feeling about this ...

Soko: I hope Cibon survives the interrogation ...
Kento: I have my concerns ...
Kento: Oh yes, Soko. What I wanted to ask you for a while, why did you join the brigand order?
Soko: Are you interested in that?
Kento: You take the role of us soldiers quite seriously, and to an extent that I'm not used to from other colleagues.
Kento: I'm just wondering why. That's why I'm interested ...
Soko: There's not that much there. I wanted to follow in my mother's footsteps, that's all.
Kento: Your mother was already a soldier?
Soko: Yes, it was. She was mainly on guard duty.
Soko: I was often with her at the time and watched her at work because no one else was at home.
Kento: So you had no siblings? And your father?
Soko: My father worked in the mine.
Kento: In the ... mine?
Soko: Not this one. I come from Ferrolholm, at the western end of Tora.
Soko: But don't think I have more to do with mine work than you or Cibon.
Soko: I detest mine work, I detest mine workers ...
Kento: W ... Why is that please?
Soko: Kento, you also don't tell anyone why you hate your father, so why should I tell you more?
Kento: How was it?
Cibon: S ... don't you see that?
Cibon: This ... guy ... is really ... fast to 180, I tell you ...

Guard: IMMEDIATELY ALL OUT OF THE CELLS AND WAKE UP! ... um, REVERSE!
Soko: Get up ... Get up ... Okay. Get up! Now!
Soko: Done ...
Cibon: Tomorrow, Soko. Already awake?
Cibon: buddy! Get up!
Kento: No ... wants to continue sleeping.
Cibon: prison. Mine work.
Kento: Oh no ...

Guard: So it's your turn today. Come along.
Cibon: It's not what we have to get through here just because this old sack tells this crap!
Cibon: Of course we are spies! Spies who wanted to help the border guards find this troop!
Cibon: Fake band of robbers ?! This is not a laugh !! How can they believe that crap!
Kento: Cibon, the thing has been eaten for a long time. Mr. Uroto is a council member. It's better not to question his word so quickly.
Cibon: Whatever!
Cibon: An innocent woman is being beaten for questioning because of someone like that, I mean ...
Guard: Quiet over there! It's bedtime!
Guard: Tomorrow at 5:00 a.m. the mine will go. So it's better not to stay awake too long. We will come back to you soon.
Felcis: Tsk. Don't stay awake. No problem, I'm the calm myself, in this situation.
Kento: Who's over there?
Felcis: Is it even allowed to talk here?
Kento: Yes, as long as it's not too loud ...
Felcis: Felcis is my name ... Felcis Kiorta. Envoy from the aristocracy and thus obviously a serious criminal in this country.
Cibon: M ... wait ... Envoy from the aristocracy? The Farenian aristocracy?
Felcis: Exactly this, my boy. Can I get your names too?
Kento: Kento ...
Cibon: And I'm Cibon ... you may have heard of these traitors?
Cibon: Former soldiers of the brigand order, now spies on behalf of Korzojeno?
Felcis: Spies? What are you talking about I'm sorry, but I haven't seen much of the world in the last few days ...
Kento: What is such a person doing here? Why were you ... were you locked up?
Felcis: You can save yourself the formalities. Apparently I'm no more than a mine worker here like everyone else.
Felcis: So yes ... why was I locked up? To be honest, I ask myself the same thing.
Felcis: All I wanted was some support from the brigand order soldiers here.
Felcis: Instead, I was locked up here. Because I come from Korzojeno, or rather the Farenian aristocracy.
Felcis: People of my kind have been in high demand here lately. Apparently we know something I don't know about myself.
Kento: So you didn't notice what was going on at the border recently?
Felcis: No. Can you enlighten me

Felcis: Do I understand that correctly? YOU are spies who work for Korzojeno or the Farenian aristocracy? Here in Brigantia?
Kento: More specifically, we are spies from this troop from the Silvan Forest that you think is related to Korzojeno.
Felcis: Yes, of course. As soon as something bad happens across the border, it is the Farenian nobility.
Felcis: It seems that trust between us neighboring countries has not improved noticeably since the war.
Felcis: For the record: I don't know anything about any underground military organization. How crazy do they think we are?
Felcis: The war was a lesson to us. We would not dare to mess with Brigantia again.
Cibon: Is that so? However, we saw this group with our own eyes! We were prisoners of them!
Felcis: Yes, I don't want to doubt that either, but the Farenian aristocratic society knows nothing about it.
Felcis: I think it would be more conceivable that this group works for Brigantia itself.
Cibon: Excuse me? What sense does that make?
Felcis: It's very simple. Brigantia has this oh so democratic form of government, your advice.
Felcis: Well, suppose we have a few council members who are interested in taking some more from Korzojeno.
Felcis: But then you have the problem that the majority of the council members are more for peaceful coexistence.
Felcis: So how do you get an official permit to march into Korzojeno and dust off properly? Now?
Kento: ... You pretend that Korzojeno poses a threat by forming such a force ...
Felcis: Right! We have a smart head here.
Cibon: W ... What the hell! Why should the government be playing the wrong game?
Felcis: Oh, there's a lot of wrong play in the high ranks, believe me.
Cibon: But why then does a Brigantia councilor come up with the idea of locking us in because of such a force?
Cibon: If what you say is true, it is quite possible that Mr. Uroto himself was involved in the matter!
Felcis: Well, maybe you saw something that would blow it up.
Felcis: Some evidence that this troop is hired by Brigantia ...
Cibon: We have no such evidence! We didn't see anything! Isn't it buddy?
Cibon: ... buddy?
Kento: No ... not really.
Kento: Soko? Is everything ok?
Soko: It's okay ... W ... Who are you?
Cibon: Wait ... you're in the same cell ?!
Felcis: Kyorta my name, Felcis Kyorta. And with what pretty lady am I honored here?
Soko: Another one of this kind ...
Felcis: What type are you talking about?
Cibon: Yes, what kind? And hey, what about the formalities, Felcis?
Kento: It can be a long evening ...

Guard: IMMEDIATELY ALL OUT OF THE SPRING! THE WORK BEGINS!
Cibon: ... Ah ... Damn it! Out again?
Felcis: ... What "feathers" may this guard have been talking about?
Felcis: I didn't notice a single feather ... in this so-called "bed".
Soko: So ... get up, now, immediately. And out!
Soko: Ha, done it again.
Cibon: K ... buddy. We have to get out. Same as before.
Cibon: prison. Mine work.
Kento: Oh no ...
Felcis: Would you mind if I escorted you to the mine? After all, I'm new here.
Soko: Sure you can come with us. We're all going the same way anyway.
Cibon: Yeah, because of me ...
(Cibon: Wah, glasses.)
Felcis joins your party as a guest.

Guard: Don't you dare show up here so late again! If we say you should go to the cells, then you do it immediately!
Soko: You're a little late.
Felcis: Well, yes. This prison is so big and one cell is like the other. I think I got lost a bit.
Felcis: Well, I think the four of us already know what we have in common, right?
Cibon: What should I have in common with you?
Kento: I know something there.
Felcis: I'm talking about the fact that all four of us have been wrongly locked up here.
Soko: So you believe in our innocence?
Felcis: Of course. You trust me too, don't you?
Soko: ... Yes, of course.
Cibon: Believe it or not, what are you getting at?
Felcis: If the dear guards don't want to treat us according to our innocence, I think we should help.
Felcis: I'm talking about an outbreak plan.
Soko: M ... Are you serious? After all, we are here in Helnovien. You know how the security measures are here.
Felcis: Please come as close as possible and speak quietly. We don't want to be heard after all ...
Felcis: I know Helnovien, I know this building very well. As you know, this was formerly the area of Korzojeno.
Felcis: And the former castle of Helnovien has been standing for a good bit longer than 10 years.
Felcis: Even the magic barrier that makes this castle so powerful came from us.
Felcis: Brigantia stole all of this in the war - sorry - "conquered".
Felcis: And the outstanding security of this prison is mainly due to our great barrier.
Felcis: Indeed, it's so great that the guards can rely on it completely. At least they think so.
Felcis: But now imagine if you could remove this barrier.
Felcis: Check out these grilles here, especially the locks. Do you think this looks stable?
Kento: Well ... I've seen more stable ones, that's true.
Felcis: If this barrier weren't, a Signum expert could melt these locks in a matter of minutes.
Felcis: What I want to say, if we can remove the barrier, we can escape.
Felcis: And I know how to remove this barrier.
Soko: W ... how?
Felcis: I want to have your word first. You're going to join in, aren't you?
Kento: I still have my doubts ... Even if we break the barrier, we will have enough other problems ...
Felcis: Yes, where you are right. But I already have a plan in mind ...
Felcis: I think it would be best if we all slept over it one more night.
Felcis: I'll tell you more tomorrow if you decide to take part.
Cibon: I notice ... none of us were questioned today, right?
Soko: That's right ... maybe you've already given it up?
Kento: Either that, or this Sir Dolaros needed a break.
(Felcis: ... Sir Dolaros ...)
(Felcis: Sir Avaron's guinea pig. I was missing that now.)

Guard: ALL WAKE UP IMMEDIATELY! THE MINE IS WAITING!
Soko: So! Awake! Haha! I'm getting used to it.
Soko: Tomorrow Soko ...
Felcis: This barbaric time ... Why can't the whole world just get up three hours later?
Cibon: Kento. Get up. Mine work. Jail.
Kento: Oh no ...
Felcis: Well? How does it look like? Will you join
Kento: M ... join in?
Felcis: Better ask him again downstairs in front of the mine. He is usually a bit more alert.

Felcis: This senseless theater is finally over ...
Cibon: So? How many did he thunder you in?
Felcis: Excuse me?
Cibon: Beaten. He hit you, didn't he?
Felcis: Hm ... I guess he was aware of how allergic Farenia is when you do something bad to his people.
Felcis: An act of violence of this kind could have had strong diplomatic consequences.
Kento: Does that mean Farenia is made an enemy if you are beaten?
Felcis: Something like that. That is, that is the general belief among people.
Felcis: Unfortunately Farenia doesn't play this guardian angel for all of its members ...

Guard: ALL WAKE UP IMMEDIATELY! THE MINE IS WAITING!
Cibon: Kento. Get up. Mine work. Jail.
Kento: Oh no ...

$
But then in the same night...
Sir Dolaros: I'm bored. I'm gonna kill you now. <#replace
Cibon: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat

$
They all died. THE END.

Prisoner: ...

Prisoner: ... What is it?

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You heard the guards, right? We should go to the mine.

Prisoner: What are you talking to me about? Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You look pretty new here. In this case, remember the following: no - talk - on - tomorrow!

Kento: The ... the guy is still sleeping!
Cibon: And he still finds the right way ...

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

New Prisoner: Not Again ... Mine Work ... I Hate It ...

Prisoner: Hach! What a wonderful morning, isn't it? ... Get lost.

Old Prisoner: ... Oh ... my cross ...

Prisoner: Not now!

Prisoner: ...

Guard: What are you guys doing around here? Come on! Down and down to the mine!

Guard: ... The new guys are always a bit slower. You go where everyone else is going, alright? COME ON!

Guard: Get down with you! No junk!

Guard: One moment! Where do you want to go? You haven't lost anything up there! Get down with you!

Guard: One moment! Where do you want to go? You haven't lost anything up there! Get down with you!

Guard: Do you want to be in trouble or something? What are you talking to me about? You should go to the mine!

Guard: It doesn't go through here! You should go down the stairs.

Guard: There is no entry for prisoners here.

Guard: You have no business here. You should go down the stairs!

Guard: No passage here for you!

Note: You have hidden all of your smuggled items in your cell.



-= 242 =-
Guard: Well? Mining ore properly? Then go back to your cells.
Guard: What do you wanna go through here? Oh yes, to the mine without equipment, to have an excuse not to have to work? Keep dreaming.

Guard: I hope you gave all of your gear too.
Guard: If we notice anything else, you can stand on a rock wall and feel just as comfortable as the ore - if you chop it off the wall.
Guard: You should go through the house to the left of here. You can get your equipment there.

Guard: We are not going to block the way here to let people like you through.

Prisoner: ...

Prisoner: ... What is it?

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You heard the guards, right? We should go to the mine.

Prisoner: What are you talking to me about? Get out of my way.

Prisoner: You look pretty new here. In this case, remember the following: no - talk - on - tomorrow!

Kento: The ... the guy is still sleeping!
Cibon: And he still finds the right way ...

Prisoner: Get out of my way.

$
Cibon: Here we go! Onward, to the mine! As we embark on a mission to hunt for ore that awaits us!
Soko: Just shut up already!
Cibon: Well now, someone isn't in a good mood today...
Soko: Not in a good mood? Of course I wouldn't be!
Soko: I just spent a terrible night on a thing that can hardly be called a bed!
Soko: And then this inhuman time as well as having to work in the mine! Who wouldn't be in a bad mood, dammit!
Soko: So please...
Soko: ...be...
Soko: ...QUIET!
Cibon: Kento, I don't think Soko has ever been woken up by anyone before, especially with how early she always gets up. So what do you think?
Cibon: Must be quite the shock to her!
Soko: BE QUIET!
Kento: ...I still have a headache. Please, not right now...
Cibon: Oh man, what a way to start the day off.

Cibon: We should go a different route this time than last time, buddy! Working in the same place is boring.
Kento: Aha ... Is that so ...?
Soko: This motivation is just unnatural ...
Cibon: In a bad mood again?

Cibon: So! The mine is big, where are we going this time?
Soko: Probably where the tracks are going.
Soko: Kento doesn't look like he's swinging some pickaxe along the tracks, as tired as it is.
Kento: W ... what? Yesterday the fronts were a little different ...
Cibon: Yes! Soko has switched to the lively side again. Now we have old conditions again.
Kento: Great ...

Cibon: ... And another working day in the mine.
Soko: What's up? You seem less euphoric than the past few days.
Felcis: I think Cibon and I "discussed" a little too long last night, didn't I?
Cibon: Yes, yes, whatever. Off to the mine! Come on, buddy!
Kento: Njajummmnmnm ....
Felcis: You have a sleepy friend there.

Felcis: So what does it look like? Will you join
Kento: where to join?
Felcis: You don't remember last night's conversation?
Kento: Oh ... yes, wait ... yes, I remember.
Kento: I will participate as long as I can sleep in again if I ever ...
Felcis: Watch what you say. We are not among ourselves.
Felcis: Just come to the side.
Felcis: So can I trust you on this?
Cibon: You can count on me.
Soko: ... yes ...
Felcis: Alright.
Felcis: To break the "thing", I will need certain things that are likely to be found in the mine.
Felcis: I don't yet know where we can find that in the mine. What is certain is that we have to smuggle the stuff out of the mine.
Felcis: For this to work, we will need a good reputation with the guards so that we are not under too much suspicion.
Felcis: So you know what to do?
Cibon: Yeah! We have to do good mining!
Felcis: Exactly. And since I would only stop you from doing this, we will go our separate ways this time. I will collect information.
Soko: Alright, but be careful not to expose it.
Felcis: It is in my interest and I hope so with you. Not a word of it goes to anyone. No matter whom, understood?
Cibon: I guess we could imagine that much.
Felcis: Alright. Then happy work in the mine!
Cibon: A smart way to get out of the way of work.
Kento: Well, he will hardly be able to outsmart the ore collector. He'll probably get little food today.
Soko: Your thoughts have turned astonishingly recently around the topic of food, Kento.
Cibon: What a coincidence.

Felcis: Remember: we have to do a good job so that we are given dynamite to blow up.
Felcis: As soon as we have the dynamite, I'll tell you where to go.
Felcis: Now we have our dynamite, but still not the stuff we need.
Felcis: Come on, finding the stuff can't be that hard.
Felcis: We have our powder, from this point of view there is hardly anything left that is worth going into the mine ...
Kento: It's not that we have a choice.
Felcis: Oh damn, that's right. We are prisoners. Thank you for reminding me of it.
Cibon: Maybe there are other interesting things down there that we can smuggle out.
Felcis: Better not take any chances.
Soko: Oh dear ... how long do we have to go through this ordeal?
Felcis: Guys, it's time we got out of here. The longer we wait here, the less certain is the future of my people.
Felcis: I also can't see this mine work anymore! Really!
Soko: Your first argument sounded clearly selfless.

Guard: We are not going to block the way here to let people like you through.

Guard: We are not going to block the way here to let people like you through.

Felcis: Well, now we have been promoted to mine work with an explosive charge!
Felcis: The wall that we want to blow up is at one point along the tracks.
Felcis: Just make sure that we turn right at the first junction. The next up then, alright?
Kento: I'll try ...
Felcis: Okay, last time it somehow didn't quite work out. Then stop again.
Felcis: At the first turn right, at the second straight up.
Felcis: So this time not sleeping so much while driving, okay Kento?
Kento: Hey, it's not like I'm sleeping ...

$
Kento: Work's finally over... Good, I'm almost starving. Let's get to this cafe area soon...

Soko: Finally ... Done ...
Cibon: Then back to the canteen!
Kento: Ohhh yes!

Kento: Open the gates of the canteen, we are coming!
Soko: The gates have probably been open for a long time ...

Felcis: It was indeed very tiring. Where is there something to eat?
Cibon: Don't act like that. You made the least of all of us anyway!
Felcis: But the effort is also related to my bomb condition.
Kento: Come on, I think we all want something to eat, right? Let's go further

Felcis: Ah, there you are at last. And how did the day go?
Cibon: The way a mine day works if you work hard. But you probably don't know anything like that.
Felcis: Oh, I was very busy today. What do you think I found out today?
Felcis: Just come down ...
Felcis: Let's do it classic. I have good news and bad news.
Felcis: First the good one. I know where we can get our stuff.
Felcis: And now the bad one: we need dynamite!
Soko: dynamite ?!
Felcis: Mine workers get that, if they do a particularly good job, I've heard.
Felcis: So you're going to have to keep going.
Cibon: Pff. If it's nothing else.
Felcis: I suggest we go to the canteen first and then continue talking after dinner.
Cibon: Ha, for you slackers there won't be much food anyway!
Felcis: Diet, my friend, diet ...



-= 244 =-
Prisoner: Pretty much every job here is filled with ore. You should go downstairs, there should still be something free.

Prisoner: ... This is not a place to chat, there are too many guards here. Dont you see it?

Prisoner: Argh! So exhausting! I'm already done. When is the end of the day?

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: Not so much hanging around here! Work or we will make you work!

Guard: Did you stay safe while driving? We can be lucky that the beasts stay away from the rails when there is a lorry.



-= 245 =-
Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

$
Info: While travelling through the railways, you can decide which direction to go.
If there's a junction, the following display appears.
The arrow shows you the current direction that the minecart will move along.
Press Enter in time to change directions.
You can only change directions once, so think carefully about where you want to go.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I definitely don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I definitely don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.

Kento: I certainly don't want to know how we are received out there if we just leave the mine.



-= 246 =-
Guard: Ah, the wood ... the wood ... how long will it last ... Um ... HEY! You are still here ?! You should be back on the surface long ago.
Guard: Do you want to rot down here with the monsters? Go south from here to come back to daylight.
Guard: Hm ... the wooden scaffold would have to be replaced here again ... looks pretty fragile.
Guard: Hey! What are you doing here? Back with you to the other workers!



-= 247 =-
Guard: Hey! You are finished, so what is still looking for here alone in the mine with all the monsters! If you arrive up there too late, you miss the food, do you want that?
Guard: Go south from here to come back.
Guard: In the past we often had cases where miners hid near the rails to avoid working.
Guard: Similar to what you seem to be trying to do, right ?! Back with you to the ore prospect!



-= 248 =-
(Kento: The rock face seems to be brittle here.)
Use dynamite?

Felcis: Here it is! Somewhere here in this area there is supposed to be a filled-in entrance. Keep your eyes open.
Kento: Felcis, are you starting to tell us what we're looking for?
Felcis: It's about a certain type of powder.
Felcis: What we are looking for here is the entrance to a former storage area that is no longer used.
Felcis: As soon as we're in the storage area, I'll explain everything to you.
Felcis: I'm not quite comfortable here on the rails.



-= 251 =-
Guard: Hey! You're pretty late, right? You should quickly walk back along the rails until you are back on the surface.
Guard: From here down ...
Guard: Hey, you shouldn't hang around here. You will not find any ore here, it has been mined for a long time.



-= 252 =-
Guard: What the hell are you doing here ?! Immediately up with you! Working hours are over!
Guard: These are the rail areas. Prisoners have no business here. Or have you found nothing at the ore prospect you come from?



-= 253 =-
Prisoner: Every now and then you hear a suspiciously loud sound ... as if something huge is digging under you ...
Prisoner: I know there are these moles and worms here, but they're not so big that they make such a noise when digging ...
Prisoner: Maybe there's something bigger here ... I find the thought really scary ...

Prisoner: Good luck! That's what you say, right? The work here may be hard and tiring, but as a prisoner I've seen worse.

Prisoner: You don't have to go any further here. There is nothing interesting further to the left. The water cuts you off, unfortunately.

Prisoner: Oh dear ... I don't know how long I'm going to go through this agony. At some point I collapse completely and have no more use for them ... What will happen to me then?

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: Why do we always have to treat prisoners so strictly and ruthlessly?
Guard: I mean, wouldn't it even be motivating to praise her for her good work every now and then?
Soko: This is a prison, isn't it?
Guard: Yes ... that's right.
Soko: People should be punished for their actions. So why should you praise her for anything?
Guard: Yes, you're actually right! In that case ... Don't stand there rooted! Get back to work immediately!
Kento: Nicely done, Soko.
Soko: ...



-= 254 =-
Prisoner: I saw someone across the water earlier. I seriously wonder how he got there ... and above all how he wants to get back there ...

(Kento: The water down there is shallow ... Maybe you can jump over to the south side if ...)

(Kento: The water down there is shallow ... Maybe you can jump over to the south side if ...)

Prisoner: I work so bad because I'm hungry ... I'm hungry because I always get so little food ... and I get little food because I work bad ...
Prisoner: A vicious cycle!

Prisoner: Anyone who works gets food. So we work. Those who don't work starve. It's that simple here ...
Soko: How poetic ...
Cibon: Less rhyming, more chopping!
Kento: Cibon, you can leave that to the guards.

Prisoner: I prefer to work here where there is some water. You can refresh yourself at least once when you're done ...
Prisoner: Although I would not dare to drink this ... The devil knows what's in there ...

Prisoner: Don't feel like talking, annoying someone else, right?

Pauamainer Member: Hui! You made it across the lake without getting wet? Not bad! You want an order for that, don't you buddy? You can have it!
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: I prefer this job here. You find great ore and are not pierced by the eyes of the other workers because they don't see you.
Pauamainer Member: My colleague here in this area doesn't work so completely. He has no problem with people staring at him.

Prisoner: You probably know ... When the end of the day, we should get back to the lore stop as soon as possible.
Prisoner: Do you know what happens to those who are late? They're just left behind! They can walk all the way back along the rails all by themselves.
Prisoner: And there are these dark monsters lurking everywhere. I tell you one thing, I never want to be left alone in my life and have to walk this way ...

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: Don't run around idle here. Back to work, immediately!



-= 255 =-
Guard: Watch out, monsters appear in this area every now and then. You'd better escape if you can't deal with them.

Prisoner: Where did this water come from? I could have sworn a few days ago you could still walk freely and carefree ...

Prisoner: How did this person get over the water over there please? Did she just swim a bit? Some people can really overdo it ...

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Pauamainer Member: You really managed to drain the water. Respect! Now I finally come to this ore site without having to swim, thank you very much!
Pauamainer Member: Oh yes, of course you get an order for it.
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: Hm ... now that the water is gone, every miner can easily get to this point. Oh oh. I will probably have to find something new soon.



-= 256 =-
Prisoner: The bad thing is not mine work, but this Lorenfahrt at the beginning.
Prisoner: You assume such huge speeds, I don't even want to think about what happens when you fly off the rails.

Prisoner: You must have noticed these deep chasms there by the rails, right? Nobody knows how deep these gorges are and where they lead!
Prisoner: I honestly don't want to find out. Whoever falls into it has already ended with his life.

Guard: So you are these traitors to the country, former soldiers of the brigade order.
Guard: If it were up to me, you could mine ore in the deep holes in the ground until you die there. Hard work is a grace for people like you.

Guard: The rail line used to go further here, but since we had a stronger earthquake here, everything has been filled up.
Guard: We are completely separated from the area to which these rails lead.



-= 257 =-
Prisoner: Off to work ...

Prisoner: ...

Prisoner: Hopefully I won't get such a blunt pick again.

Prisoner: They used to give out more remedies ... The monsters don't go away.

Prisoner: They send us to the mine with a lousy piece of bread. They shouldn't be surprised if we do bad work.

Guard: You should go through the house to the left of here. You can get your equipment there.

$
Guard: Hey, you're the ones who came in yesterday, right?
Guard: Hey, you're the ones who came in yesterday, right? Come over here.

Guard: Oh. Four this time? Well, I should be fine. <?
Guard: Here's your equipment.
Guard: And here are your provisions. Use it sparingly, we aren't a charity, you understand?
Guard: Hm, you've been doing a really good job lately. I think you can be trusted with a stick of dynamite. <\/
Guard: You use this ONLY to jump into new areas in the mine, understand? Look out for fragile spots on the rock walls.
Guard: And it does not occur to us to take advantage of our trust. If you mess with the dynamite, it will have hard consequences!
Guard: So ... today you get another stick of dynamite for blasting. Be careful with it and don't mess around! </\
Guard: Now get out of here. Take a cart and bring back enough ore!

$
Guard: Your equipment and other provisions.
Guard: Today's your first day, isn't it? Now it's time to get something to eat. Go back all the way to the cells. You'll then notice where the cafe is.
Guard: Hey, wait a minute!
Guard: Get back here!
Guard: You've still got something, don't you? Don't think we'll let you get away with it!
Guard: Let that be a lesson. Don't you dare try anything behind our backs.
Felcis: That was a bit of a disappointment... Well, let's try again in the next few days.
Felcis: There should still be some of that powder in the storage area.
You're doing a good job. The guards' trust in you has improved!
You have to work harder. The guards' trust in you has deteriorated.

$
Guard: Do I need to clear up the rules here for you?
Guard: Okay, I'll assume you three are working in a group. Get your mining equipment here and hand them back when you're done, understand?
Guard: When you enter the mine, you'll get a minecart which'll help you move down into the mine. There are several sections that you can go to.
Guard: Where you end up depends on which directions you take at the junctions. You can decide which directions to take while driving by the way.
Guard: Once you've reached the bottom, it all boils down to one thing. Mining ore.
Guard: You can recognize ore by the slightly bluish spots on the rock walls. Go to these spots and use your pickaxes to mine the ore.
Guard: If you want to do a good job, you shouldn't stay in one place for too long. The amount of ore will diminish and become increasingly difficult to mine.
Guard: So keep looking out for new spots to mine more ore.
Guard: If you can't carry any more ore, go to the stop at the railways and drop off the ore. <# 99 is the limit
Guard: Oh, one more word of warning. You miners aren't all alone down there. Unfortunately, there are still a lot of monsters hanging around there that we simply can't get rid of.
Guard: You'll therefore receive some provisions from us if you get attacked. After work, these will also be handed back!
Guard: So get to it then!
Guard: Alright, but don't come to me later if you have problems or you don't understand something!



-= 258 =-
Prisoner: From time to time you can find old junk in the mine, including some useful items ...
Prisoner: There have been, and still are, prisoners trying to smuggle this stuff out, whatever that brings them.
Prisoner: But woe, the guards notice that. They don't understand it, believe me.
Prisoner: It has happened often enough that the uncovered smugglers were beaten for several minutes ...

Prisoner: You shouldn't be too far from the other mineworks. In the outskirts, where fewer people work, these annoying beasts keep popping up.

Prisoner: The remedies these guards give you are not really enough if you are in the dangerous areas.
Prisoner: They will give you a few more remedies if you have given a certain amount of ore to the collection point, but that much had to be collected first ...

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: The way to the closest ore area would be to follow this corridor and then go east at the next opportunity. Pay attention to the monsters.

Guard: Hey, sweet, red-haired companion you have there, I have to say. But you're still new here, you can see that. The ravages of time gnaw this place particularly hard.
Guard: In the end, they are all no longer beautiful to look at ...
Soko: Somehow this statement worries me more than I expected ...
Cibon: Truly a hell! How can you do this to dainty ladies!
Soko: "petite"?
Kento: I don't think people present need to feel addressed ...
Soko: ...
Felcis: I feel addressed. I'm too petite for this work.
Cibon: You totally mess with me, boy!
Guard: Don't stand around working here!



-= 259 =-
Prisoner: Chop ... and chop ... and chop again ... and chop again ...
Felcis: In summary, I think it's called "ore mining".
Prisoner: Hey, nobody asked you!

Prisoner: If you really want to make an effort, try to get to the back of the mine.
Prisoner: There you will find richer ore deposits ... alongside more monsters, gorges and other dangers.

Prisoner: ... please not now ...

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: How was the Loren trip? But now to work!
Guard: What are you doing here? You should mine ore, so go, go!

Guard: If you want to go to another area, you have to walk on foot. But be careful, the Lorenbahn route is not particularly safe on foot, because of the beasts, you know.

Guard: If you want to avoid confrontation with the beasts in this cave, don't get too far away from the other miners.



-= 260 =-
Prisoner: Do you see this crumbling rock wall there to my left? There used to be a passage, but it collapsed.
Prisoner: And nobody gets to blow it up. The prisoners do not have the dynamite and mine work is a foreign word for the guards.
Prisoner: There were rich ore deposits in the area, if I remember correctly.

Prisoner: Oh yeah, this work ... boy, let me give you a tip. Don't overexert yourself. The only thing you get from it is cross-leg sickness in the evening.

Prisoner: You shouldn't be too far from the other mineworks. In the outskirts, where fewer people work, these annoying beasts keep popping up.

(Kento: The rock face seems to be brittle here.)
Use dynamite?


Prisoner: ... ... oh? I'm sorry, when I chop ore, I sometimes get lost in my thoughts and don't even notice my surroundings ...

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Prisoner: Have you ever run into these nasty, bluish worms? These beasts dominate Signum like the archmages from Domarkor, tell you.
Prisoner: You'd better not mess with them ...
Felcis: Worms that do magic like our archmages? This is news!
Felcis: Our Patricia des Signums will certainly be interested in that.
Felcis: Such worms are certainly cheaper to keep than this sophisticated pack of wizards.
Soko: Someone thinks very lucratively.
Felcis: Well, yes. Our wealth is no longer what it used to be 10 years ago, Miss Filaja.

Prisoner: Talk to someone else, I'm busy.

Guard: Do your job well. If not, we have enough methods to "motivate" you accordingly.



-= 261 =-
Prisoner: I can't understand all these whining rags. They should be happy that they can do something. And if it's mine work.
Prisoner: Nothing is worse than sitting lonely and inactive in a cell for weeks or months. Believe me, I speak from experience.
Cibon: Hm ... he could really be right.
Cibon: This permanent rumbling in the cell of this other troop would have driven me crazy in the long run.
Soko: But at least you could sleep in there.
Kento: Yes, exactly.
Cibon: ... I never thought I would hear something like this from you, Soko.
Kento: ...

Prisoner: A week or two ago, this area was still full of rich ore reserves that were easily accessible.
Prisoner: But since we had a small earthquake here recently, most of it has been showered with rock and difficult to reach.

Pauamainer Member: Unbelievable, you actually made it through the stone debris down there. Get an order for that! Keep it up, buddy!
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: It's always funny to see people's puzzled looks on the other side, isn't it? Yeah! This is mine work as it should be!

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: Hey, you really made it through, not bad, not bad. Was it ore over there, wasn't it?
Guard: Hm ... interesting, interesting. I wonder how to get down there with all the rock. Apparently someone did it.



-= 262 =-
Pauamainer Member: Oh! You actually got this far! Good job! You earned a mine order for this.
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: There is a lot of ore here. Enough for both of us!

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)



-= 263 =-
Prisoner: I'm exhausted to death ... How long are you going to let us work?

Prisoner: You should watch out for these bluish bats. They look almost like ordinary bats, but their bite can poison and put you to sleep.
Prisoner: That way, if you run into them on your own, they can end very quickly ...

Prisoner: This is my ore! MY ore! My ore all alone!
Kento: Alright, alright ...
Prisoner: My ore!

Prisoner: Honestly, I wonder where the hole leads up there? I think it was probably still accessible from down here in the past, but now this rocky outcrop has somehow arisen ...
Prisoner: Maybe through a landslide, or what do you call it?

Pauamainer Member: Oha! Somebody actually came to my island! Doesn't happen here every day either. I will hand you this medal for the occasion!
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: This island has two sides. On the other, you should find some ore, buddy!

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Prisoner: MY ORE !!

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Prisoner: Have you heard of this Pauamainer underground brotherhood? These are ordinary prisoners like me and you!
Prisoner: People only think of themselves as special because they always look for ore in the far corners and darkest extinguishers in order to mine as much as possible.
Prisoner: In other words, they behave exactly as the guard dogs want them to. Tsk. As if I would do them a favor.

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: Every now and then you will find one or two armor parts or other usable items. In that case, let us know, understand?
Guard: Don't think of keeping the whole thing for yourself. We notice that when you leave the mine.



-= 264 =-
Guard: Over there, beyond the water, is the "base of the Pauamain Brotherhood". They chose it really well, because we guards won't disturb them.
Guard: So at least I wouldn't feel like taking this jump passage over the water.
Guard: But we treat them, after all, they are doing the best work of all here.

Prisoner: Ah ... I always do too fast at the beginning, then lose stamina and then quickly wear off ...
Prisoner: I will never get a decent meal ...

Prisoner: Would you be able to get over the water here? There are a number of people here who do this almost every day. They jump from stone to stone until they are over there.

Pauamainer Member: Hey, you're right at our base. Just for the fact that you came this far, you deserve an order!
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: If you have collected enough medals, come to our base! Then we are a community, like a family, buddy!

Pauamainer Member: This is the base of the Pauamainer underground brotherhood!
Pauamainer Member: ONLY MEMBERS HAVE ACCESS !!
Kento: Yes, yes, I understand. Here we have all mine orders. Can we go through?
Pauamainer Member: YOU HAVE COLLECTED ALL 8 MINE ORDERS!
Pauamainer Member: YOU HAVE COLLECTED ALL 8 MINE ORDERS! I AM OFFICIALLY MEMBERS OF THE PAUAMAIN SUB-BROTHERHOOD!
Pauamainer Member: YOU HAVE COLLECTED ALL 8 MINE ORDERS! THEREFORE I AM OFFICIALLY MEMBERS OF THE PAUAMAIN SUB-BROTHERHOOD! WELCOME!
Cibon: Juhu, we're in the brotherhood! Even Soko!
Soko: ...
Pauamainer Member: YOU MAY HAPPEN!
Pauamainer Member: If you want to become a member, BRING ME 8 MINES ORDER !!
Kento: Mine Order? Um ... And where do you get them from?
Pauamainer Member: 8 PAUAMAINER MEMBERS, who work in the far corners of the mine, will award you the medals when you reach them !!!
Soko: Does the guy always have to scream so loud?
Cibon: Do you really think the guy can talk normally?

Pauamainer Member: VISIT US SOON!
Pauamainer Member: HELLO BROTHERS! YOU MUST HAPPEN!

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)



-= 265 =-
Prisoner: You will hardly find ore behind this passage. There is always too much operation for the size ...

Prisoner: This is the only area where I feel relatively comfortable. Here the cave is nice and big ... In the other areas I always get claustrophobia ...

Prisoner: This ore mining area is for climbing enthusiasts for whom no height is high enough. I mean, just look at these crazy people up there!
Cibon: Yeah! Cliffs! Let's go to the top, buddy!
Kento: How can you get such enthusiasm in such a situation?
Soko: Probably an explorer's instinct.
Soko: Let's see how he behaves in a few weeks if we know every corner of the mine.

Prisoner: Up there? No thanks, that's too dangerous for me. It's not like anyone cares about you if you break your leg.

Prisoner: Ha, also one of those who get to the top? Fine, fine! I was an enthusiastic mountaineer before and I always enjoy doing it!

Prisoner: ... I always climb up here to be calm in front of all the other people, but now that doesn't seem to work anymore ...

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: There were actually prisoners who thought they could team up, entrench themselves in the mine, and oppose us. Well, the past has shown that it doesn't work
Guard: Ultimately, no resistance group could stand up if we stormed the mine together to break its entrenchment. Pickaxe does not hold against long sword, spear and bow.
Guard: But what am I talking to you about? Go back to work immediately!



-= 267 =-
Pauamainer Member: Oh! Did you actually go the long way over the cliffs just to come to me? Not bad, not bad!
Pauamainer Member: If you come for the order, I'm sorry, but they are all!
Pauamainer Member: Hehehe! A joke, a joke! Of course I still have medals. There, please.
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: If you want to go back, you have to go back this way. You can then walk down the lower aisle. It then leads back to the beginning.

Pauamainer Member: Ah! So you are one of us mountaineers among the miners! Good job! Don't get visitors here so often! There is a medal for that!
Pauamainer Member: You look so puzzled. If you want to learn more about us and the Mine Orders, just visit our base.
Pauamainer Member: This is located in the middle of the mine. Next time, just take the lorry to the right and then straight.
Pauamainer Member: Good luck!
Pauamainer Member: That sounds strange, but this is the highest point in this mine! I am convinced of that! And there is wonderful ore here, I tell you, buddy!

Prisoner: Oh man, I just don't want to work too close to this canyon ... Do you have any idea how deep it is? So I don't have it, I just know it's deep enough ...

Prisoner: Those mole things that sometimes float out of the ground here can be annoying, can't they? But I can tell you their weak point.
Prisoner: Interested? I'll tell you for 15 ore.
Prisoner: Hey, you don't have the ore at all! That will not do.
Prisoner: Hehe, thank you very much. Then listen carefully.
Prisoner: Her strength is her hard shell. Hardly a hit comes through it, be it with a weapon or a spell. But the protection can be broken!
Prisoner: Apparently her bowl is extremely sensitive to strong light.
Prisoner: So just pepper a light magic or a light sare on it and the thing is defenseless!
Prisoner: Thanks for the deal!
Prisoner: No? Do you already know Well, then I have to work out the ore myself.

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

(Kento: Someone is already working on the site. It would only bother if we help here.)

Guard: Pretty deep abyss right? If you work too long for us too badly, it can happen that one day we just throw you in there.
Guard: After all, we have to think economically. It would be a waste to feed such bad workers.
Guard: So do a good job, unless you really want to find out what's in the gorge down there.



-= 268 =-
Belias: The sound inhibitor can now be lifted!
Genyu: Thank you very much for the quick support.
Belias: We have the same predicament here, so we're in this together.
Belias: Hurry up with the evacuation of the soldiers, the boats are waiting northeast at the edge of the forest. <\/
Belias: You'll move through the river north until you are surrounded by the Aquil forests. The new base is being prepared there.
Belias: These mages will help you to go unnoticed while you're moving. </\
Genyu: Excellent. I'll see to it that the soldiers stay together.
Belias: By the way, where's Sir Kiorta?
Genyu: Felcis is on his way to Helnovien. He has a plan on how to distract Brigantia from investigating in the short term.
Genyu: He should've informed you of this.
Belias: The letter will probably on be there after I get back.
Belias: Well, if Sir Kiorta makes a plan, it's usually in the right hands. Let's just trust him on this.
Genyu: Alright. Let's begin with the evacuation!
Genyu: MEN! GATHER AROUND!
Belias: Oh no. I shouldn't have had the sound inhibitor lifted...



-= 275 =-
Prisoner: We are staring with particular interest at the wall that you are currently able to cover. Get out of here.

Felcis: Hello you, I'm back because of the pebble ...
Prisoner: I already told you that you won't get it again. We will definitely not give anything to a blue-blooded pack like you! You know our motto!
Felcis: Yes, we all know it. We all don't want to hear it again ...
Prisoner: WE STEAL FROM THE RICH AND GIVE IT TO THE POOR! We bring justice to this corrupt world, oh yes!
Cibon: What the hell?
Felcis: I would like to remind you that you are in a prison here and you can hardly do anything with this motto.
Prisoner: Why? I see a wonderful start for this right now! YOU are nobility, you are rich. WE are poor! So we keep your clunker, it's that simple!
Soko: You're not quite right on the head? You think your theft is fair because of such a status question? I'm not laughing!
Prisoner: But hello! We have a pretty lady here. May I introduce myself? Robin Llewlynus my name.
Soko: Soko Filaja. What ever. Now what about this stone?
Robin: I would love to give it to you if I didn't know you were hanging out with this screwed up bigwig!
Felcis: The colored peacock from Farenia - there is no property here in prison!
Felcis: Apart from that, your motto is just a farce anyway, so that you don't bear the anger of the small population on you.
Felcis: Don't think I haven't heard from you before. You divide the property? Certainly.
Felcis: That explains, above all, all the riches that were found in your base when you were caught.
Felcis: You may give a coin from the treasure chest to the local farmers, they don't have to know what you have.
Robin: You can tell your stories!
Kento: But not a bad idea in itself. So you get support from the people there when you need it.
Cibon: Haha, what weaklings! They probably used the peasants to hide from the soldiers.
Robin: Now don't get wrong thoughts! If you only knew which aristocratic troops we all attacked and robbed! They all had their escorts.
Cibon: Yes, yes, there is a lot to tell. I bet even we three new additions to the Brigant Order could easily sweep you away!
Cibon: In a tournament fight, for example.
Cibon: Yes, yes, there is a lot to tell. You can't even take on three new members of the Brigade Order with us!
Cibon: You remember the tournament fight, don't you?
Robin: Oh yes? Try it! You can see where we are in the tournament, the "Avengers of the Just"! I bet you won't be able to defeat any of the three of us!
Robin: Oh yes? Don't imagine anything just because you were last successful! We just held back! We can finish you anytime, we bet?
Felcis: With the stone, I assume? You don't have much else.
Robin: How? Stone? Moment!
Felcis: Your commitment. We bet on the stone. If our 3 ex-soldiers win here, we'll get him, otherwise you'll keep him.
Robin: Ha! You dream of that! We don't get involved in something like that.
Cibon: How? Are you suddenly afraid that you could lose against us?
Robin: Ha ... Ha! You would like that! Okay, we'll go over the bet. Under one condition!
Robin: Should WE - as is to be expected - win, we will keep the stone AND your pretty friend here will "come and visit" us in the evening after work.
Soko: W..W..W..W ..
Soko: W..W..W..W..HOW PLEASE ?!
Cibon: Ah ... Ahahahahahahahahahahah! Are you sure about that?
Felcis: Alright! The bet counts!
Soko: W ... WHAT?!?! Are you still whole ...
Kento: Please, Soko ... just hold back a little ...
Felcis: That would probably settle everything. See you in the arena!
Robin: Haha, with joy!
Soko: SAY, ARE YOU STILL TIGHT?!?!
Felcis: Woha! What a temper, weird!
Soko: You also have every reason to be afraid.
Felcis: Calm down, Soko, calm down! Everything will be fine! Trust me...
Soko: How should everything go well here? What happens if we lose ?!
Cibon: Come on Soko, we won't lose against them! You'll probably take care of that yourself ...
Felcis: I'm sorry, but I saw in this bet the only way to get this stone back ...
Felcis: Who knows if we would have gotten this far again if we had refused because of you ...
Kento: G ... Exactly ... Besides ... even if we lose, all they're going to get is a lot of ... pain ...
Cibon: You say it, buddy!
Soko: How? Ah...
Soko: Sorry Kento, but I just couldn't hold it back ...
Soko: Alright. We just won't lose. Everything will be fine...
Kento: By the way, Felcis, what kind of stone is that anyway?
Felcis: This stone contains special Signum powers. No powers with which they would know what to do ...
Felcis: But for us this stone is absolutely necessary. Without this, we will not be able to break the barrier.
Felcis: But please don't tell anyone about it. The thing should remain nothing more than a beautiful sparkling stone.
Cibon: Banged! Then we should watch that we turn this Eumel into a snail in the tournament!
Soko: Yes and woe if not! I hope you remember who you share your cell with, Felcis!

Robin: We'll see you in the tournament then, haha!

Robin: Now you have your clunker again, I hope you are satisfied! But just wait! You rich bags will experience your downfall sooner or later!
Felcis: Ignore it. Simply ignore...

Prisoner: We give it to the poor because they really need it, oh yes!

Prisoner: We steal from the rich to make them less rich, oh yes!

Saion: You again. We'll see each other again in the tournament, just wait!
Soko: What's going on between you? You should talk about your problems instead of ...
Saion: Our problems? What is it that interests you? Take care of your own stuff!
Kento: Come on Soko, better leave it ...
Saion: Pah! The fact that you hit again means nothing! I demand revenge!
Jorn: Rule number one of the Zinkar brothers: We never learn our lesson!
Saion: Jorn, you kindly keep your cheeky mouth!
Saion: Ha! The Zinkar butchers are progressing, it seems. You will be surprised who slaughters whom!
Jorn: Your name is on the agenda!
Saion: Shut up, Jorn!
Saion: Place \ v [1886] are you already now? Not long now and our fight is imminent! Oh yeah!
Jorn: Oh joy.
Saion: Do you see? Even this stubborn redhead from brother is looking forward to this fight!
Jorn: Stubborn brother? Someone must have stuck a mirror to me somewhere.
Saion: What does that mean again ?!
Saion: Oh hello! There are the "Zinkar butchers"! Pretty self-confident when choosing a name, I just say!
Jorn: I already feel like fresh meat. < to be sliced
Saion: Quiet, Jorn! You always with your pessimistic manner.
Saion: Ha! And? What rank do you have now? We are all waiting impatiently for your challenge!
Jorn: Are we doing this?
Saion: We'll prove we can take on brigand order soldiers!
Jorn: You can just attack a couple of guards if you want to prove it.
Saion: Be quiet, Jorn!

Jorn: ... please leave me in peace, yes?
Jorn: I hope you had fun. You can try to fight these Pauamainers. They are really violent.
Jorn: I have to know, as often as Saion has taken on us ... And her boss is beyond our borders anyway ...
Saion: This is so typical of you again! Just howling and whining!
Jorn: After half a dozen defeats against this guy, I have every reason to do so!
Jorn: It looks like it will soon be a "slaughter festival". And I thought that ambition would only have this blue-haired mischief from brother.
Jorn: Well, wonderful, you are getting closer and closer to our place. You really mean it, don't you?
Cibon: Come on, it's just a tournament fight. And your brother didn't want it any other way.
Jorn: Yes, but I'm being dragged into this mess. Nobody asks me!
Soko: Believe me, on our side it's not necessarily that different.
Cibon: How, where, what? You never really complained, Soko!
Soko: So what? That doesn't mean that I like the stuff.
Jorn: Hey, I think we understand each other then.
Jorn: Come on, Soko, we're making a pact! We both will just go on strike and do nothing during the fight!
Soko: Sounds interesting.
Cibon: Now don't get stupid thoughts!
Jorn: Zinkar Butcher ... Very great name choice. Now I can't sleep peacefully during the night.
Saion: You're such a scaredy bunny! What does a name mean? You can see how far we've come!
Jorn: What? Fear is such a wonderful thing. It keeps you from doing stupid things.
Jorn: And some people here could really use a little more fear ...
Jorn: You really don't have to hurry with this tournament story.
Jorn: I'm really happy if my brother can't find an opponent to fight for a day ...
Soko: May I ask why you are doing everything your brother imposes on you?
Soko: You don't seem to agree very often ...
Jorn: Well ... um ... we're brothers?
Jorn: It's not that I know people I could go to when I leave my brothers.
Jorn: Besides, you can't imagine what kind of theater Saion would do in this case ...
Saion: What are you talking about over there?
Jorn: We are currently discussing whether your actions are due to a lack of intelligence or a mental disorder.
Saion: What the ... I act exactly as we have to act as a gang of thieves!
Jorn: Yes, you could really discuss the topic for a long time.

Gurim: ...
Gurim: Congratulations on your victory.
Cibon: Thank you, you fought well too.
Gurim: We'll see you in the tournament ...
Cibon: I'm curious to see if your fighting style has improved with this strange weapon.
Kento: Speaking of weird weapons. Are you still struggling with this filled pouch, Jorn?
Jorn: The one? No way! We wouldn't have enough items to fill it with a solid weight.
Kento: What are you fighting with?
Jorn: Well ... you'll see ...
Gurim: Hello ...
Soko: You are really a welcome change compared to your talkative brothers.
Gurim: D ... thank you ...

Guard: No passage here for you!

Guard: It doesn't go through here! You should go down the stairs.

Guard: There is no entry for prisoners here.



-= 278 =-
General: Come in.
?????: Sir Famares? Do you have some time for me?
Sir Famares: What is your concern, Sir Avaron?
Sir Avaron: As I have heard, there is news from the border. They say Korzojeno is planning underground activities?
Sir Famares: The rumors have been around for a long time, but now we have received confirmation from an envoy from the Council.
Sir Avaron: I think that is extremely worrying. I hope you remember what happened here 10 years ago?
Sir Avaron: I have a request to increase security measures for the research area.
Sir Avaron: Until the situation in Korzojeno has been resolved.
Sir Famares: I'll see what can be done.
Sir Avaron: Thank you.



-= 280 =-
Pauamainer Member: Ah, a new member, I see! Great! We are happy about every enthusiastic mine worker! Good luck for!
Pauamainer Member: Have you been to my colleague over there? If you are new here, you will receive a small gift from us.
Pauamainer Member: Have you ever noticed that the rails in the end area with the many cliffs actually go on?
Pauamainer Member: There used to be a large mine area from which we were totally separated due to an earthquake!
Pauamainer Member: What do you think, how much ore was there ?! A mess, really.

Kento: Hmpf ... can't be moved.

Pauamainer Member: Ah, I see! So you collected all the medals and were able to get in here? Congratulation! You are now officially a member of the Pauamainer underground brotherhood.
Pauamainer Member: We have a gift for newbies like you. Come on, go through and get it.
Pauamainer Member: I hope you have done enough good work so that the guards let you go through this find when you leave!
Pauamainer Member: Since we are guards here, we stay in the mine a little longer until all the people are really gone. Yes, we can. You'd better go back now.

Kento: Hmpf ... can't be moved.

Pauamainer Member: Here is the area of the Pauamainer veterans! For years we have been at the top of the battle tournament ranking! Only our boss can outdo us.
Pauamainer Member: And you can see that again: only those who work hard in the mine can get far in the tournament!
Pauamainer Member: Those who work hard in the mine train their body and mind! This is better than any combat training !!
Kento: Um ... yes ... Sure ...
Pauamainer Member: Hey, it's closing time. Don't think we're getting out of here because of something like that. We don't go here before you forget it. So go ahead, go back.
Pauamainer Member: Oh! So you are the colleagues who beat us in the tournament! It was a great fight.
Pauamainer Member: In this way we were able to recognize our weaknesses and can now improve further!
Pauamainer Member: There, take the item out of the chest as a token of our gratitude.
Pauamainer Member: At some point we will see each other again in the tournament!

Pauamainer Member: That was really a good fight! It was almost even better than finding a new, untouched ore site!

Pauamainer Member: Great performance in the tournament.

Kento: Hmpf ... can't be moved.

Da Boss: I am my boss. Freely mixed, no sighted here in our bridal sheep!
Da Boss: I've all been in Helnovie for a long time. But I don't see us as prisoners here, but as hard workers!
Da Boss: Oh, and I like doing this work for our Lewwen!
Kento: I ... Is that so?
Da Boss: Ah, you are the Brusch who defeated Durnäisch in a Dadsäschlisch manner.
Da Boss: A so-called maid had also fought with me! Kòòm to glòòwwen that let mixed up of the possessed.
Soko: Um ... what?
Da Boss: Ei jòò, vonna for a while Hawtish mòòl a reward for the one who defeats mixed. Official neatly niche.
Da Boss: Isch dòòch dadursch Mòòl come tough Gaeschna come, awwer bròòch hawwet back then nothing much. Awwer don't care!
Da Boss: Now you have mixed defeated and you started the Pres. Dòò, dutch him.
Da Boss: I hope I'll see you again in the Durnier!



-= 281 =-
Felcis: Okay, here we are!
Kento: So what kind of powder are we looking for now?
Felcis: gray sparkling powder. Do you know that?
Soko: Hm ... I think I heard about it. Isn't that used to enhance the impact of signage?
Felcis: Exactly. You sprinkle powdered gray powder on a rock face and magic fires or fires on it and WUMM - a hole was blown up.
Felcis: That is also the reason why this powder is used in the mine - or rather was used.
Felcis: In the meantime, you only seem to be blowing up with dynamite, probably because you no longer need anyone who is familiar with the sign.
Felcis: To be honest, I didn't expect that all of the gray powder consumption would be resolved today.
Felcis: But we should find some last reserves here - hopefully.
Kento: Hm, it looks like it continues here in the corridor.
Felcis: The storage area cannot be very large, we will find the stuff.
Cibon: What does this gray-powder look like?
Felcis: Well, it's gray, sparkles, and looks powdery apart from that.
Cibon: ...

Cibon: Should we just put it in there, buddy?
Kento: Why not? The guards give us magical magnifying glasses either way, so it won't be noticed.



-= 282 =-
Kento: Oha! This looks good.
Felcis: Please make sure that we get the powder smuggled out!
Kento: We'd better wait a little longer.

Felcis: Wonderful, then let's go back and mine as much ore as we can. Otherwise we're starving today.
Kento: A good idea.
Soko: W ... what's going on now?
Felcis: Attention, behind you!

Kento: We don't need any more powder.

Cibon: Oh dear. That was really unexpected now. What had such a huge creature lost in such a small area?
Kento: Maybe it hit underground here? Who knows. The main thing is how we survived.
Felcis: I have to say that you are quite capable fighters that you defeated such a monster with this simple equipment.
Kento: Let's put it this way, it's not the first bigger monster we've seen ...
Felcis: Well, then back to the next ore collection point.



-= 291 =-
?????: No, I didn't get a look. He is it. Do you really think I would forget this face?
?????: It is the same general who took everything from us back then.
?????: N-No ... please not here ...
?????: Genji ... None of us have forgotten this person, nor will we ever do that.
?????: In this situation we shouldn't be guided by thoughts of revenge, do you understand that? We have a mission ...
Genji: I'm not concerned with revenge. I am concerned with the danger this person poses.
Genji: Should the escape that you prophesied take place and Kento should encounter this person - what then?
Genji: We both know what this general is capable of. Twin soul or not, Kento would not survive!
Genji: You can't tell me that Heimdall completely missed this fact!
?????: ... he warned me. Nevertheless, it is not a situation in which we should intervene prematurely.
Genji: And that's why you don't tell us anything? This is not a situation that we can get regulated by spontaneous intervention! < save at the last minute
Genji: If we rush into it without thinking, it not only costs Kento's life, but also ours. Do you want to be responsible for that?
Genji: We have to prepare. That's all I want to say with it.
?????: You're right. I probably underestimated this fact ...
?????: Kumiko? Please familiarize yourself with the area. We may need to use your skills. < survey/scout out the area
Kumiko: G-Okay!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqOLLa8Nu2o&list=PLxdruDpgzoSHWmU5xxbEkfbF5dtemyDeN&index=39 @ 6:43

Genji
Genji
Kumiko
Prophet
Prophet
...
...
...
...
Prophet
...
...
...
Prophet
Prophet
...